PREMIUM EVENING MARKET BRIEFING
Generated: August 17, 2025 at 06:18 PM ET
================================================================================

📊 DAILY TRADING RECAP
----------------------------------------

Cryptocurrency (24hr Performance):
  • BTC: $117,862.32 (+0.35%)
  • ETH: $4,497.78 (+1.64%)
  • BNB: $855.92 (+1.99%)
  • SOL: $191.83 (+1.09%)
  • ADA: $0.96 (+3.95%)
Markets are closed for the weekend.

🌍 WORLD NEWS DIGEST
----------------------------------------

1. 'We Miss Her Madly': Famed Bodybuilder, Life Coach Dies Unexpectedly At 37

Her family in her obituary said McNeff's passing was "unexpected but peaceful."

McNeff grew up in Concord, Massachusetts, and graduated from Concord-Carlisle High School before attending the University of Massachusetts Amherst. From a young age, she excelled in a wide range of sports -- equestrian, board diving, and skiing -- before turning her focus to bodybuilding, according to her obituary

She went on to win multiple state titles in Maryland and Delaware and earned recognition in the 2005 documentary "Raising the Bar," which explored the demanding world of competitive bodybuilding.

Her obituary called her a "lifelong athlete" who achieved "the highest success that sector offered."

McNeff's father Dave called his daughter "determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," and her resume backs that up.

"Hayley was like a beam of light in this world. She had boundless energy and was very determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," he told People magazine. "She set her sights on bodybuilding and fitness and achieved the highest success that sector offered. She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

McNeff was remembered for her personality as much as her accomplishments. According to her obituary, she was known for her "quick wit" and "constant sense of humor." It continued, "She had a gift for making those around her laugh and feel welcomed. Her energy and determination was a constant in her life and she always accomplished what she set out to achieve. She treasured her friendships and nurtured strong, lasting relationships with those who knew her best."

Her family added, "She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

Click here to follow Daily Voice Greenburgh and receive free news updates.


2. Carlos Sainz tips 16x F1 champions to bounce back from decades-long barren run and be champions again

Carlos Sainz has backed 16x F1 champions Williams to get back to being the benchmark in the sport in the next technical regulation set. The Spaniard received a shocker of news last season when he found out that Ferrari was replacing him with Lewis Hamilton.

The announcement meant that Carlos Sainz was flat-footed when the decision was announced, and he had to essentially find a new home. After being in contention for seats at Red Bull and Mercedes as well and for some reason losing out, the Spaniard zeroed in on Williams, as James Vowles' approach and vision were what impressed him the most.

The 2025 F1 season has not necessarily been the best on that front, as the driver has found it hard this season to get a strong result. Even compared to teammate Alex Albon, the points tally has not been great, as he has taken some time to adapt to the new environment.

Carlos Sainz is, however, now more or less adapted to what he has under him, and even though his results have not been great, he feels that the car and the team have matched his expectations.

Talking to Motorsport, Sainz revealed that when he signed for the team, he expected to be in the midfield fight for 2025 and then take a step or two in 2026 while continuing to make progress year on year. Backing the 16x F1 champion that has not won a title since 1997 to get back to title glory, the Spaniard said,

"My hopes were that the Williams would be a solid midfield car in '25, allowing me to fight for points and not be at the back of the grid. Just somewhere around the top 10 that would allow me to have fun fighting for points, which might seem silly, but it's still better and there's a lot more to it than fighting for 16th and 17th, where 24 races like that can become frustrating for a driver."

He added,

"And then the other hopes were set for the future, '26, '27, '28. How far can Williams go? My feeling and my hope is that we can be championship contenders in the final part of the years I just mentioned. We know this in part and it has been more than achieved: we are a very solid team in midfield."

When Carlos Sainz made a move to Williams, there were other options on the table as well. Sauber/Audi was one of them, and so was Alpine. While the French squad has regressed, the Swiss squad has turned heads already, with Nico Hulkenberg breaking his F1 podium duck at Silverstone. When questioned if there was any level of regret with the call that he'd made, Sainz replied in the negative as he said,

"I certainly don't regret this move. And I'm quite encouraged by what I've seen. 2025 has exceeded my expectations in terms of the car's performance and what the team is capable of. So, I'm very comfortable with the decision. I'm just frustrated that the results haven't been better, because the feelings say otherwise, but the results, for one reason or another, aren't coming."

The second half of the season is going to be crucial for Carlos Sainz as well, as the driver now slowly starts gaining momentum within the team and would want to be more competitive with Alex Albon as well.


3. No winner in Ultra, Super Lotto draws for August 17

MANILA, Philippines -- There were no winners in the Ultra Lotto 6/58 and Super Lotto 6/49 draws on Sunday night, the Philippine Charity Sweepstakes Office (PCSO) said.

The winning combination for Ultra Lotto 6/58 was 17-26-02-28-57-54 which had a jackpot prize of P363,258,633.20.

For the Super Lotto, the winning numbers are 04-22-44-34-30-33 for a jackpot prize of P84,961,245.20.

Get the latest news

delivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address, I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.


4. 68 DC suspects arrested in single night as White House touts Trump's push to 'clean up' capital city

Trial lawyer and litigator David Scharf discusses the Trump administration's crime crackdown in Washington, D.C., on 'Fox Report.'

Nearly 70 people were arrested in Washington, D.C. on Saturday night, as President Donald Trump's crackdown on crime continues.

The White House shared the arrest numbers with Fox News on Sunday. A total of 68 people were arrested on Saturday night.

According to officials, 15 illegal firearms were seized. Some of the many charges included aggravated assault, assault on a police officer and resisting arrest.

Other charges included fugitive from justice, felony grand larceny and possession of a controlled substance. Additional arrestees were accused of fleeing from law enforcement and driving with a revoked permit.

HUNDREDS ARRESTED AS TRUMP'S WASHINGTON, DC, CRIME CRACKDOWN HITS FULL STRIDE

Three homeless encampments were also cleared on Saturday. No arrests were recorded, and the dismantlings happened without incident, a White House official said.

Taylor Rogers, a White House spokesperson, told Fox News Digital that Trump's leadership is "quickly making our nation's capital safer."

"In less than ten days, over 300 dangerous criminals have already been arrested and taken off the streets of Washington, D.C.," Rogers said.

WHITE HOUSE LAUNCHES FEDERAL SECURITY BLITZ AS PRESIDENT VOWS TO END DC 'CRIME PLAGUE'

"President Trump is delivering on his campaign promise to clean up this city and restore American Greatness to our cherished capital."

Attorney General Pam Bondi praised the efforts in a post on X Sunday.

"Over 300 arrests in D.C. -- and counting: Just last night, our federal and DC law enforcement partners made 68 arrests and seized 15 illegal firearms. Homicide suspects, drug traffickers, and more are being charged," she wrote. "I'll continue to stand with you as we make DC safe again!"

Since the law enforcement operation began on Aug. 7, 308 arrests have been documented in total. Those arrests include 135 illegal immigrants whom the White House identified as gang members or violent criminals.

"I will take care of our cherished Capital, and we will make it, truly, GREAT AGAIN! Before the tents, squalor, filth, and crime, it was the most beautiful Capital in the world. It will soon be that again," Trump wrote in a Truth Social post.

Fox News Digital's Amanda Macias contributed to this report.


5. 'We Miss Her Madly': Famed Bodybuilder, Life Coach Dies Unexpectedly At 37

Her family in her obituary said McNeff's passing was "unexpected but peaceful."

McNeff grew up in Concord, Massachusetts, and graduated from Concord-Carlisle High School before attending the University of Massachusetts Amherst. From a young age, she excelled in a wide range of sports -- equestrian, board diving, and skiing -- before turning her focus to bodybuilding, according to her obituary

She went on to win multiple state titles in Maryland and Delaware and earned recognition in the 2005 documentary "Raising the Bar," which explored the demanding world of competitive bodybuilding.

Her obituary called her a "lifelong athlete" who achieved "the highest success that sector offered."

McNeff's father Dave called his daughter "determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," and her resume backs that up.

"Hayley was like a beam of light in this world. She had boundless energy and was very determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," he told People magazine. "She set her sights on bodybuilding and fitness and achieved the highest success that sector offered. She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

McNeff was remembered for her personality as much as her accomplishments. According to her obituary, she was known for her "quick wit" and "constant sense of humor." It continued, "She had a gift for making those around her laugh and feel welcomed. Her energy and determination was a constant in her life and she always accomplished what she set out to achieve. She treasured her friendships and nurtured strong, lasting relationships with those who knew her best."

Her family added, "She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

Click here to follow Daily Voice Scarsdale and receive free news updates.


6. Hurricane Erin tracker: Maps show mega 160mph storm heading straight for tourist hotspot - The Mirror

Maps show where Hurricane Erin is set to strike as forecasters warn the monster storm could strengthen again in the coming days.

Erin, the first Atlantic hurricane of 2025, has already packed a terrifying punch, exploding into a Category 5 beast on Saturday before weakening slightly to a still-dangerous Category 3 on Sunday.

The storm is currently swirling north of Puerto Rico with sustained winds of 125mph, but experts at the National Hurricane Center (NHC) say it is "likely to strengthen again". It comes after an exciting heatwave forecast with maps revealing the exact date a 39C heat plume will scorch the UK.

Tracking maps show Erin steering a path just north of the Caribbean islands and heading west-northwest at around 13mph. The Bahamas, Bermuda and the Outer Banks of North Carolina are all being urged to keep a close watch, with the system expected to remain a major hurricane through midweek.

Tropical storm warnings are already in place for the Turks and Caicos Islands and parts of the southeastern Bahamas, where heavy rains and fierce winds are lashing communities. The Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico are facing downpours of up to 8 inches in isolated spots, raising fears of flooding. Dangerous swells are forecast to batter coastlines from Hispaniola to the Turks and Caicos in the coming days.

Although the hurricane is not currently expected to make a direct hit on the US East Coast, its massive size, having doubled in recent days, and could still whip up rip currents, gusty winds and flooding tides as far north as the Carolinas, CBS News reports.

Meteorologist Richard Pasch from the NHC warned: "You're dealing with a major hurricane. The intensity is fluctuating. It's a dangerous hurricane in any event."

Experts say Erin has been undergoing an "eyewall replacement cycle", when a storm becomes so powerful it builds a new, larger eye. That can cause a temporary dip in strength, but it often means the hurricane comes back even more intense.

Forecast "spaghetti maps" show Erin tracking northward, skirting the Caribbean islands and staying offshore of the mainland U.S. A strong high-pressure system over the Atlantic and an incoming cold front should steer it away from the Eastern Seaboard, according to CBS meteorologists.

The storm formed last Monday near Africa's Cabo Verde islands and quickly became the fifth named storm of the season. With hurricane season now nearing its September peak, U.S. weather chiefs are warning of an above-normal year, with as many as 18 named storms expected.

Officials in the region are urging residents not to be complacent. Beaches are already closed in parts of the Virgin Islands, ferry services are being suspended, and emergency shelters have been readied. Even if Erin does not make landfall, forecasters say the knock-on effects could be life-threatening, with treacherous seas, flash floods and landslides possible. The sheer size of the storm means millions could feel its impact, even hundreds of miles from the hurricane's centre.

For now, all eyes are on Erin's projected path and whether the storm powers back up to the catastrophic Category 5 strength seen on Saturday.


7. 9 teens charged in deadly South Carolina shooting of 16-year-old

Nine South Carolina teens were arrested in the June shooting death of a 16-year-old who authorities say was involved in an argument "over a girl" with his alleged shooter, according to local reports. The victim's 17-year-old girlfriend is among the suspects.

Florence County Sheriff's deputies found Trey Dean Wright of Johnsonville dead on First Neck Road with multiple gunshot wounds June 24, authorities said previously. He was found about 45 miles west of Myrtle Beach.

The following day, they arrested Devan Scott Raper, a 19-year-old from Conway, who allegedly fatally shot Wright after an argument. At least one teen involved reportedly recorded the slaying on video. And deputies continued to announce new arrests for weeks as the investigation dug deeper.

"All this court hearing and bond court and stuff is driving me crazy," Wright's mother, Ashley Lindsey, told Fox News Digital. "I don't even have time to sit down and think half the time, on top of losing my precious baby."

FATHER OUTRAGED AFTER DISCOVERING DAUGHTER'S ALLEGED KILLER SHOULD HAVE BEEN BEHIND BARS YEARS AGO

Now, an entire group of teens, many of them juveniles, are facing charges, some for allegedly setting Wright up and bringing Raper to the victim's location, knowing he was armed, according to authorities.

One of the suspects was Wright's girlfriend, Gianna Kistenmacher, a Myrtle Beach 17-year-old, his mother said.

Kistenmacher was charged with being an accessory before the fact for allegedly bringing Raper to the crime scene knowing he was both armed and likely to kill her boyfriend, according to a press release from the sheriff's office.

A spokesperson for the sheriff's office did not immediately return a call seeking comment from Fox News Digital Wednesday. Prosecutors confirmed that nine teens had been charged but declined to comment further, citing the ongoing investigation.

"They were complicit in bringing the armed codefendant, Raper, to the incident location and knowing that there would be a confrontation," Maj. Michael Nunn of the Florence County Sheriff's Office told WBTW-TV, which is based in Florence. "They knew that Raper had presented a firearm to the victim and made threats to shoot him, according to the arrest warrants."

He told the Post and Courier separately that, under state law, all five are charged as adults.

SOUTH CAROLINA DEPUTY SHOT AND KILLED IN AMBUSH, SHERIFF SAYS

Prosecutors filed additional murder charges against three more Myrtle Beach-area teens, identified as 18-year-olds Hunter Kendall and Corrine Belviso and 17-year-old Sydney Kearns, according to WBTW.

"The hand of one being the hand of all is part of South Carolina law as well, so that's the basis of the charge for each of those individuals," Nunn told the station.

MASS SHOOTING IN MYRTLE BEACH TOURIST HOT SPOT LEAVES 1 DEAD, 11 WOUNDED

Sheriff T.J. Joye told the station separately that the fatal shooting appeared to have stemmed from an argument and apparent romantic rivalry.

"They had issues with each other, and it was over a female," he reportedly said. "The sad thing is, you got a 16-year-old that lost his life. You've got a 19-year-old who is going to be in jail the rest of his life. Over what?"

Raper faces charges of murder and possession of a weapon during a violent crime and is being held without bond.

Kendall is also being held without bond.

Belviso and Kearns each posted $20,000 surety bonds last week and have been released pending a trial.


8. European leaders to join Zelenskyy in D.C., and multiple gunmen sought in Brooklyn shooting: Weekend Rundown

Plus, Air Canada workers stay on strike in defiance of a government directive, and blue-collar jobs are safe from AI (so far).

Ukraine and its allies are scrambling to respond to President Donald Trump's apparent shift toward Vladimir Putin's hard-line position after their summit in Alaska.

A cohort of European leaders announced that they would join Ukraine's Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Washington on Monday as they seek to navigate America's new approach to ending the war.

NATO Secretary-General Mark Rutte, European Commission President Ursula von de Leyen, German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, U.K. Prime Minister Keir Starmer, French President Emmanuel Macron and Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni announced they would be joining Zelenskyy in D.C., perhaps hoping to ensure there is no repeat of his last Oval Office meeting.

Trump signaled Saturday that he was reversing his insistence on a ceasefire and instead pursuing a permanent peace deal -- aligning the United States with the Kremlin rather than Kyiv and its European backers.

Trump directly engaged with Zelenskyy and European leaders by phone early Saturday morning about the U.S. taking part in a potential NATO-like security guarantee for Ukraine as part of a deal with Russia, two senior administration officials and three sources familiar with the discussions told NBC News.

"European and American security guarantees were discussed," one source familiar with the discussions said. "U.S. troops on the ground was not discussed or entertained by [Trump]."

Security guarantees would activate in the scenario that Russia were to invade Ukraine again, the sources said, but the protections would not include NATO membership.

A "full peace deal" between Ukraine and Russia is the best chance to end the conflict, but a temporary ceasefire agreement is "not off the table," Secretary of State Marco Rubio said.

"Now, whether there needs to be a ceasefire on the way there, well, we've advocated for that," Rubio told NBC News' "Meet the Press." "Unfortunately, the Russians, as of now, have not agreed to that."

Rubio defended the Trump administration's decision not to impose new sanctions on Russia as previously threatened, despite Putin's reluctance to move toward a peace deal, saying, "What we're trying to do right now is end the war."

"I don't think new sanctions on Russia are going to force them to accept ceasefire. They're already under very severe sanctions," he later added.

The secretary of state also added that Putin is "certainly asking for things that the Ukrainians and others are not willing to be supportive of and that we're not going to push them to give, and the Ukrainians are asking for things that the Russians are not going to give up on."

Three people were killed and another nine were injured in an overnight shooting involving multiple gunmen at a Brooklyn nightclub, police said.

The shooting took place at the Taste of the City Lounge on Franklin Avenue in the Crown Heights neighborhood, New York Police Commissioner Jessica Tisch said at a news conference. The victims were identified as a 27-year-old male, a 35-year-old male and an 19-year-old male.

"What we know preliminarily is that there was a dispute inside the crowded club that led to the shooting," Tisch told reporters. "We believe that there were up to four shooters involved in this incident."

No suspects are in custody, and city officials urged the public to come forward with any information related to the shooting. It is currently believed to be a gang-related incident.

More than 10,000 Air Canada flight attendants walked off the job over pay and scheduling concerns, prompting the Canadian government to step in.

The airline suspended all operations Saturday morning, before Jobs and Families Minister Patty Hajdu directed the Canada Industrial Relations Board to impose binding arbitration, effectively ordering workers to continue their regular duties until an agreement is reached.

But on Sunday, the Canadian Union of Public Employees called the move "blatantly unconstitutional" and said its members "remain on strike."

"We demand a fair, negotiated contract and to be compensated for all hours worked," the union said in a statement.

The airline subsequently suspended its plan to resume limited flights, and now expects to restart operations Monday evening.

There is no shortage of hype around AI coming for jobs, and while the U.S. labor market has begun to sputter, hard evidence of AI-related job losses is scant. Even software engineers, seen as at particular risk thanks to AI's ability to generate computer code, so far seem relatively unscathed.

Whether or not AI does end up replacing some jobs, experts predict that skilled trades that include manual labor and expertise are the least vulnerable to modern technology, and the idea has been enough to push some people to reconsider their futures.

For Gen Zers without a degree, blue-collar work has offered a path to financial stability without the burden of student loans; and Gen Z men, regardless of education level, are more likely than women to choose blue-collar careers, according to a survey by Resume Builder.

Those jobs, for now, appear safe. "It's a very wide misconception that we are on the verge of having humanoid robots basically replace workers. In my mind, that's a myth," said Ken Goldberg, president of the Robot Learning Foundation at the University of California, Berkeley. "Progress is being made at a slow pace."

A Fulton County judge misspoke while reading a defendant's verdict in a Georgia courtroom, telling him he was guilty when the jury deemed him not guilty. The judge apologized, then re-read the statement correctly as people in the courtroom laughed and applauded.


9. Reds designate outfielder Jake Fraley for assignment

CINCINNATI (AP) -- Cincinnati Reds outfielder Jake Fraley was designated for assignment on Sunday, with catcher Tyler Stephenson's thumb injury and a short bench contributing to the decision.

The Reds also recalled right-hander Connor Phillips and outfielder Will Benson from Triple-A Louisville and optioned left-hander Joe La Sorsa to Triple-A.

"We came to the idea of kind of giving Jake a chance to play where maybe he thinks he deserves to play, which I understand, is maybe better than him sitting the bench here," Reds manager Terry Francona said. "Stephenson is banged up. We were a little concerned about playing short, maybe a two-man bench."

Fraley, 30, is in his fifth major-league season, his fourth with Cincinnati. He is batting .232 with six home runs and 23 RBIs in 67 games.

He hyperextended his knee after making an error in left field to allow a run to score in the 10th inning of a 6-5, 11-inning loss to the first-place Brewers on Saturday. Francona said neither the miscue nor the injury factored into the DFA move.

Stephenson reaggravated an injury to his left thumb during the Pittsburgh series and is day to day. Jose Trevino, who was behind the plate Saturday night, got the start for Sunday's day game.

Francona said the decision on Fraley, a popular player among fans and in the clubhouse, wasn't easy.

"Not that I needed an excuse to lose sleep last night, but you do, because you're thinking about it," Francona said. "You're making decisions that alter their life. The day when I stop thinking about it, I will re-retire."

Cincinnati, the only team this season that hasn't been swept in a series, dropped the first two games of the three-game set against the Brewers, who had won 14 straight games. The Reds broke that streak Sunday, beating the Brewers 3-2 in extra innings.

More Reds news: Reds end Brewers' 14-game winning streak on Hays' bases-loaded hit in the 10th


10. 'We Miss Her Madly': Famed Mass Bodybuilder, Life Coach Dies Unexpectedly At 37

Her family in her obituary said McNeff's passing was "unexpected but peaceful."

McNeff grew up in Concord, Massachusetts, and graduated from Concord-Carlisle High School before attending the University of Massachusetts Amherst. From a young age, she excelled in a wide range of sports -- equestrian, board diving, and skiing -- before turning her focus to bodybuilding, according to her obituary

She went on to win multiple state titles in Maryland and Delaware and earned recognition in the 2005 documentary "Raising the Bar," which explored the demanding world of competitive bodybuilding.

Her obituary called her a "lifelong athlete" who achieved "the highest success that sector offered."

McNeff's father Dave called his daughter "determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," and her resume backs that up.

"Hayley was like a beam of light in this world. She had boundless energy and was very determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," he told People magazine. "She set her sights on bodybuilding and fitness and achieved the highest success that sector offered. She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

McNeff was remembered for her personality as much as her accomplishments. According to her obituary, she was known for her "quick wit" and "constant sense of humor." It continued, "She had a gift for making those around her laugh and feel welcomed. Her energy and determination was a constant in her life and she always accomplished what she set out to achieve. She treasured her friendships and nurtured strong, lasting relationships with those who knew her best."

Her family added, "She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

Click here to follow Daily Voice Stratford and receive free news updates.


11. 'We Miss Her Madly': Famed Bodybuilder, Life Coach Dies Unexpectedly At 37

Her family in her obituary said McNeff's passing was "unexpected but peaceful."

McNeff grew up in Concord, Massachusetts, and graduated from Concord-Carlisle High School before attending the University of Massachusetts Amherst. From a young age, she excelled in a wide range of sports -- equestrian, board diving, and skiing -- before turning her focus to bodybuilding, according to her obituary

She went on to win multiple state titles in Maryland and Delaware and earned recognition in the 2005 documentary "Raising the Bar," which explored the demanding world of competitive bodybuilding.

Her obituary called her a "lifelong athlete" who achieved "the highest success that sector offered."

McNeff's father Dave called his daughter "determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," and her resume backs that up.

"Hayley was like a beam of light in this world. She had boundless energy and was very determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," he told People magazine. "She set her sights on bodybuilding and fitness and achieved the highest success that sector offered. She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

McNeff was remembered for her personality as much as her accomplishments. According to her obituary, she was known for her "quick wit" and "constant sense of humor." It continued, "She had a gift for making those around her laugh and feel welcomed. Her energy and determination was a constant in her life and she always accomplished what she set out to achieve. She treasured her friendships and nurtured strong, lasting relationships with those who knew her best."

Her family added, "She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

Click here to follow Daily Voice Ridgefield Park-Hasbrouck Heights and receive free news updates.


12. Scottie Scheffler wins BMW Championship: How PGA star sunk incredible chip-in on 17 to hold off Robert MacIntyre

Scottie Scheffler continued his dominance on the PGA Tour Sunday afternoon, chasing down Robert MacIntyre to win the BMW Championship.

The world No. 1 player has been the best player in golf this year, winning two of the four majors and producing the best PGA Tour season of any player. He has now won 18 tournaments in the PGA Tour, 12 of which have come since last year.

Here's a breakdown of how Scheffler pulled off the victory.

📲 Follow The Sporting News on WhatsApp

Scheffler entered the day four-back of MacIntyre for first place, and he immediately erased the deficit as MacIntyre faltered on the first few holes. Ultimately, Scheffler shot a three-under 67 while MacIntyre produced a three-over 73, as Scheffler won the event by two shots.

The highlight of the event came on the par-3 17th hole, when Scheffler chipped in for a birdie to essentially ice the tournament.

With the win at the BMW Championship, Scheffler took home $3.6 million of a $20 million total purse for the tournament. MacIntyre, who finished solo second, ended up winning $2.1 million, a solid $1.5 million less than Scheffler.


13. 'We Want to Make DC Safe Again': US Attorney Pirro Explains Trump's Agenda

U.S. Attorney For Washington, DC Jeanine Pirro holds a press conference in Washington, D.C., on August 12, 2025 (Win McNamee via Getty Images)

U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia Jeanine Pirro stated clearly on "My View with Lara Trump" on Saturday that federalizing the Metropolitan Police Department is part of President Donald Trump's mission to make Washington, D.C., safe again.

"This is a city where there is a lot of crime. Whether you want to say it's up or down, I don't care. There's too much crime," Pirro said. "This is not something where anyone's rights are being violated. Rights are being protected, because the first order of government is the protection of its people. We're supposed to be that shining city on the hill. We should be safe. Beautiful."

The former Fox News host explained that the best way to tackle the capital's crime rate is by lowering the age requirement for prosecution, pointing out that young adults in their mid-teens to early twenties commit the majority of the crimes.

"When I came here, it didn't take long to realize that there is an enormous amount of crime going on in this city which is not being prosecuted," Pirro added. "Arrests are not being made because the crime is being committed by 14, 15, 16, 17-year-olds who are literally being coddled."

"So imagine this, Lara. If I have a 17-year-old who shoots someone with a gun, but he doesn't kill that person, I cannot prosecute him or investigate him. It goes to the family court when the mission there is rehabilitation. ... For 30 years, I have fought the fight to make sure that we make criminals accountable and that we protect the victim."

Pirro has been strongly vocal on protecting young people and minorities. The U.S. attorney showed last Wednesday how thus far in 2025, 19 young adults, all members of minority communities, fell victim to gun violence in the district at the hand of individuals who "don't have any reason to fear law enforcement."

Since Trump deployed the National Guard, protests by the Left have erupted in the nation's capital.

Most notably, last Sunday night Sean Charles Dunn, an international affairs specialist in the Justice Department's Criminal Division, threw a Subway sandwich in the face of a federal agent in protest. U.S. Attorney General Pam Bondi announced that Dunn was not only out of a job but would also face felony charges.

Dunn is not the only one being arrested on Washington's streets. Hundreds of alleged criminals have been rounded up since the law enforcement crackdown began in the district. According to FBI Director Kash Patel, scores were arrested overnight from Saturday evening to Sunday morning alone.

Pirro told Trump Saturday her goal is protecting law-abiding citizens.

"You know, I don't think about me and my legacy, but I guess it's always been the same," Pirro said. "It's always been about fighting for a level playing field for people who can't speak for themselves. I mean, the pain that people go through for, for no reason. They didn't ask for it, they didn't do anything. I want to be the person who speaks for them. I want to be the person that makes a difference for them."


14. 'We Miss Her Madly': Famed Bodybuilder, Life Coach Dies Unexpectedly At 37

Her family in her obituary said McNeff's passing was "unexpected but peaceful."

McNeff grew up in Concord, Massachusetts, and graduated from Concord-Carlisle High School before attending the University of Massachusetts Amherst. From a young age, she excelled in a wide range of sports -- equestrian, board diving, and skiing -- before turning her focus to bodybuilding, according to her obituary

She went on to win multiple state titles in Maryland and Delaware and earned recognition in the 2005 documentary "Raising the Bar," which explored the demanding world of competitive bodybuilding.

Her obituary called her a "lifelong athlete" who achieved "the highest success that sector offered."

McNeff's father Dave called his daughter "determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," and her resume backs that up.

"Hayley was like a beam of light in this world. She had boundless energy and was very determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," he told People magazine. "She set her sights on bodybuilding and fitness and achieved the highest success that sector offered. She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

McNeff was remembered for her personality as much as her accomplishments. According to her obituary, she was known for her "quick wit" and "constant sense of humor." It continued, "She had a gift for making those around her laugh and feel welcomed. Her energy and determination was a constant in her life and she always accomplished what she set out to achieve. She treasured her friendships and nurtured strong, lasting relationships with those who knew her best."

Her family added, "She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

Click here to follow Daily Voice Chappaqua and receive free news updates.


15. 'We Miss Her Madly': Famed Bodybuilder, Life Coach Dies Unexpectedly At 37

Her family in her obituary said McNeff's passing was "unexpected but peaceful."

McNeff grew up in Concord, Massachusetts, and graduated from Concord-Carlisle High School before attending the University of Massachusetts Amherst. From a young age, she excelled in a wide range of sports -- equestrian, board diving, and skiing -- before turning her focus to bodybuilding, according to her obituary

She went on to win multiple state titles in Maryland and Delaware and earned recognition in the 2005 documentary "Raising the Bar," which explored the demanding world of competitive bodybuilding.

Her obituary called her a "lifelong athlete" who achieved "the highest success that sector offered."

McNeff's father Dave called his daughter "determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," and her resume backs that up.

"Hayley was like a beam of light in this world. She had boundless energy and was very determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," he told People magazine. "She set her sights on bodybuilding and fitness and achieved the highest success that sector offered. She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

McNeff was remembered for her personality as much as her accomplishments. According to her obituary, she was known for her "quick wit" and "constant sense of humor." It continued, "She had a gift for making those around her laugh and feel welcomed. Her energy and determination was a constant in her life and she always accomplished what she set out to achieve. She treasured her friendships and nurtured strong, lasting relationships with those who knew her best."

Her family added, "She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

Click here to follow Daily Voice Poughkeepsie and receive free news updates.


16. Phillies Pitching In Flux Again After Nola Rocked In Return

The good vibes about the Philadelphia Phillies starting rotation are officially gone.

A day after Zack Wheeler's scary right-shoulder blood clot was revealed Saturday, Aaron Nola was rocked and did not get out of the third inning in his return to the mound against the Washington Nationals on Sunday.

Nola, who had been sidelined since mid-May with rib and ankle injuries, surrendered six runs, all earned, on seven hits but struck out four in just 2 1/3 innings. After throwing 84 pitches in his final rehab start for Triple-A Lehigh Valley, Nola threw just 53 in his first start since May 14.

The Phillies rallied to win 11-9, giving Nola a no decision. But in 10 starts, Nola is 1-6 with a 6.92 ERA this season.

The Wheeler news, along with Philadelphia's 2-0 loss, set a tense mood in the Phillies clubhouse for the morning-start series finale in the nation's capital.

Yet, the Phillies offense changed that early, and it appeared Nola would be able to cruise against the light-hitting Nats on Sunday.

Philadelphia staked Nola to a run before he even took the mound then blew the game open with a five-run second inning, capped by Alec Bohm's three-run blast that gave Philadelphia a 6-0 lead and knocked Washington starter Mitchell Parker from the game.

Nola even was sharp in his first two innings, striking out four of his first eight batters and allowing just one hit. But after striking out Brady House to lead off the third, Nola didn't get another out, surrendering four singles, two doubles and a walk that pulled Washington even at 6.

"Just had trouble stopping it today, getting a swing and miss or getting them to hit a ball to one of our guys," Nola said. "They capitalized on some pitches, a couple of them that I yanked and a few of them I didn't get to the spot I wanted."

Nola got just seven swings and misses, and his WHIP ballooned to 1.60 on the season.

"It was just a lot of plate on a lot of pitches, basically, is what it is," Phillies manager Rob Thomson said. "It was really a strange game all the way around."

Perhaps the only good news about Nola's outing was he left it still healthy.

"Body felt good," Nola said. "Rib and ankle felt good, arm felt really good."

Though Wheeler's blood clot, and Nola's awful start, cast a huge cloud over the Phillies' starting staff, the silver lining is the Phillies escaped D.C. with a split in the four-game series.

That's because Nola wasn't the only player to return for the Phillies on Sunday, and Bohm's return after he spent a month on the IL with a fractured rib keyed Philadelphia's high-scoring victory.

Aside from his early-inning blast, Bohm had a single and scored three runs, including the go-ahead run that put Philadelphia up for good on Weston Wilson's go-ahead single in the fourth inning.

"It feels really good to contribute and help the team win a game," Bohm said. "I'm just happy to be back and happy to be healthy."


17. Iraq Starts Excavation Of Large Mass Grave Left By Rampaging Islamic State - Beritaja

IRBIL, Iraq -- Iraqi officials person begun the excavation of what is believed to beryllium a wide sedate near down by the Islamic State extremist group during its rampage crossed the state a decade ago.

Local authorities are moving pinch the judiciary, forensic investigations, Iraq's Martyrs' Foundation, and the directorate of mass graves to transportation retired the excavation of the tract of a descend spread successful al-Khafsa, southbound of the bluish metropolis of Mosul, the state-run Iraqi News Agency reported Sunday.

Ahmad Qusay al-Asady, caput of the Martyrs Foundation's wide graves excavation department, told The Associated Press that his squad began activity astatine Khasfa connected Aug. 9 astatine the petition of Nineveh province's Gov. Abdulqadir al-Dakhil.

The cognition is initially constricted to gathering visible quality remains and aboveground grounds while preparing for a afloat exhumation that officials opportunity will require world support.

After an first 15 days of work, the foundation's Mosul teams will build a database and commencement collecting DNA samples from families of suspected victims.

Al-Asady explained that laboratory processing and a DNA database must travel first to guarantee due identification. Full exhumations could only proceed erstwhile specialized assistance is secured to navigate the site's hazards, including sulfur h2o and unexploded ordnance.

Khasfa is "a very analyzable site," he said.

Based connected unverified accounts from witnesses and families and different unofficial testimonies, authorities estimate that thousands of bodies could beryllium buried there, he said.

Scores of wide graves containing thousands of bodies of group believed to person been killed by the extremist group person been recovered successful Iraq and Syria.

At its peak, IS ruled an area half the size of the United Kingdom successful Iraq and Syria and was notorious for its brutality. It beheaded civilians and enslaved and raped thousands of women from the Yazidi community, 1 of Iraq's oldest belief minorities.

The group was defeated successful Iraq successful July 2017, erstwhile Iraqi forces captured the bluish metropolis of Mosul.

Three months later, it suffered a awesome rustle erstwhile Kurdish forces captured the Syrian bluish metropolis of Raqqa, which was the group's de-facto capital.

The warfare against IS officially ended successful March 2019, erstwhile U.S.-backed and Kurdish-led fighters of the Syrian Democratic Forces captured the eastbound Syrian municipality of Baghouz, which was the past sliver of onshore the extremists controlled.

Rabah Nouri Attiyah, a lawyer who has worked connected much than 70 cases of missing group successful Nineveh, told the AP that accusation he obtained from the instauration and different Iraqi courts during his investigations points to Khasfa arsenic "the largest wide sedate successful modern Iraqi history."

Al-Asady, however, said investigators "cannot corroborate yet if it is the largest wide grave" to beryllium recovered successful Iraq, "but according to the size of the space, we estimate it to beryllium 1 of the largest."

Attiyah said about 70% of the quality remains astatine Khasfa are believed to beryllium to Iraqi service and constabulary personnel, pinch different victims including Yazidis.

He said he has interviewed galore eyewitnesses from the area who saw IS fighters bring group location by autobus and termination them. "Many of them were decapitated," he said.

Attiyah's ain uncle and relative were constabulary officers killed by IS, and he is among those hoping to place and retrieve the remains of loved ones.

Testimonies and witnesser statements, arsenic good arsenic findings from different wide graves successful Nineveh, bespeak that about of the military, constabulary and different information forces unit killed by IS are expected to beryllium recovered astatine Khasfa, on pinch Yazidis from Sinjar and Shiite victims from Tal Afar, he said.


18. 'We Miss Her Madly': Famed Mass Bodybuilder, Life Coach Dies Unexpectedly At 37

Her family in her obituary said McNeff's passing was "unexpected but peaceful."

McNeff grew up in Concord, Massachusetts, and graduated from Concord-Carlisle High School before attending the University of Massachusetts Amherst. From a young age, she excelled in a wide range of sports -- equestrian, board diving, and skiing -- before turning her focus to bodybuilding, according to her obituary

She went on to win multiple state titles in Maryland and Delaware and earned recognition in the 2005 documentary "Raising the Bar," which explored the demanding world of competitive bodybuilding.

Her obituary called her a "lifelong athlete" who achieved "the highest success that sector offered."

McNeff's father Dave called his daughter "determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," and her resume backs that up.

"Hayley was like a beam of light in this world. She had boundless energy and was very determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," he told People magazine. "She set her sights on bodybuilding and fitness and achieved the highest success that sector offered. She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

McNeff was remembered for her personality as much as her accomplishments. According to her obituary, she was known for her "quick wit" and "constant sense of humor." It continued, "She had a gift for making those around her laugh and feel welcomed. Her energy and determination was a constant in her life and she always accomplished what she set out to achieve. She treasured her friendships and nurtured strong, lasting relationships with those who knew her best."

Her family added, "She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

Click here to follow Daily Voice Fairfield and receive free news updates.


19. 'We Miss Her Madly': Famed Bodybuilder, Life Coach Dies Unexpectedly At 37

Her family in her obituary said McNeff's passing was "unexpected but peaceful."

McNeff grew up in Concord, Massachusetts, and graduated from Concord-Carlisle High School before attending the University of Massachusetts Amherst. From a young age, she excelled in a wide range of sports -- equestrian, board diving, and skiing -- before turning her focus to bodybuilding, according to her obituary

She went on to win multiple state titles in Maryland and Delaware and earned recognition in the 2005 documentary "Raising the Bar," which explored the demanding world of competitive bodybuilding.

Her obituary called her a "lifelong athlete" who achieved "the highest success that sector offered."

McNeff's father Dave called his daughter "determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," and her resume backs that up.

"Hayley was like a beam of light in this world. She had boundless energy and was very determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," he told People magazine. "She set her sights on bodybuilding and fitness and achieved the highest success that sector offered. She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

McNeff was remembered for her personality as much as her accomplishments. According to her obituary, she was known for her "quick wit" and "constant sense of humor." It continued, "She had a gift for making those around her laugh and feel welcomed. Her energy and determination was a constant in her life and she always accomplished what she set out to achieve. She treasured her friendships and nurtured strong, lasting relationships with those who knew her best."

Her family added, "She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

Click here to follow Daily Voice West Milford and receive free news updates.


20. EU and UK to be at Zelenskyy's side in Washington for meeting with Trump

Germany's chancellor, Friedrich Merz, Italy's PM, Giorgia Meloni, and the Finnish president, Alexander Stubb, will also accompany Zelenskyy in the Oval Office, as will Nato's secretary general, Mark Rutte, and the European Commission president, Ursula von der Leyen.

The unprecedented show of support seems designed to prevent a repeat of the public mauling experienced by Zelenskyy during his last trip to the White House, in February.

Trump, after his summit on Friday with Vladimir Putin in Alaska, has reportedly endorsed the Kremlin's one-sided plan to end the war in Ukraine. It includes Kyiv giving up territory that Russia has been unable to seize and no ceasefire until a final deal has been agreed.

Posting on Truth Social, Trump accused the media of misrepresenting his "great meeting in Alaska" - an encounter widely seen as a victory for Putin and a humiliation for the US president. On Sunday, Trump claimed he had made "big progress" on Russia, without giving details.

European leaders on Monday will reaffirm their support for Ukraine's territorial integrity and argue against a land swap plan that rewards Russian aggression. They will also seek further clarity on what security guarantees the US is willing to offer in the event of a settlement.

Trump's special envoy Steve Witkoff told CNN that Putin had agreed for the first time for the US and Europe to provide protection to Ukraine as part of a deal. This would be outside the auspices of Nato but would be the equivalent of the alliance's article 5 self-defence pact, Witkoff indicated.

Speaking in Brussels alongside von der Leyen, Zelenskyy rejected Putin's latest demand for more land.

Zelenskyy said Putin had been trying for 12 years to fully capture Donetsk oblast, without success. He said the current frontline should form the basis for negotiations, adding that territory could only be discussed in a three-way format with Kyiv at the table. A powerful Ukrainian army was the best security guarantee, he added.

Starmer, Merz and Macron hosted a video call with European allies on Sunday before their Washington trip.

According to the New York Times, Trump told European leaders he believed a peace deal could be negotiated if Zelenskyy agreed to give up the Donetsk region. They were unconvinced. The EU shares the Ukrainian view that Putin would use any new territory as a springboard for a further attack.

Two sources with direct knowledge of the talks in Alaska told the Guardian that Putin had offered to freeze the frontline in southern Ukraine if he got Donbas. The plan would mean thousands of civilians would be forced to abandon their homes in key eastern cities such as Kramatorsk and Sloviansk, which have withstood years of Russian attacks.

Before Friday's Alaska summit, Trump said he wanted an immediate ceasefire. Over the weekend, however, the US president endorsed Russia's demand for a peace deal first and a truce second. Ceasefires "often times do not hold up", Trump said in a social media post.

Trump also appears to have dropped his threat of economic penalties on countries that buy Russian oil if Moscow refuses a deal. He has repeatedly threatened to impose secondary sanctions, setting various deadlines and failing to follow through when they expire.

Trump on Sunday expressed his frustration at recent media coverage. "It's incredible how the Fake News violently distorts the TRUTH when it comes to me," he posted.

Zelenskyy said in a statement after his conversations with Trump and the European leaders: "The positions are clear. A real peace must be achieved, one that will be lasting, not just another pause between Russian invasions. Killings must stop as soon as possible, the fire must cease both on the battlefield and in the sky, as well as against our port infrastructure.

"All Ukrainian prisoners of war and civilians must be released, and the children abducted by Russia must be returned."

A joint statement issued by European leaders on Saturday said they were "ready to work with US President Trump and Ukrainian President Zelenskyy towards a trilateral summit with European support" but "it will be up to Ukraine to make decisions on its territory. International borders must not be changed by force." They said they welcomed "President Trump's efforts to stop the killing in Ukraine, end Russia's war of aggression, and achieve just and lasting peace".


21. Broker tips: Associated British Foods, Antofagasta

Ahead of a trading update expected from the firm in September, the broker noted ABF's "demonstrable action to deal with persistent problem children" - namely its bioethanol business Vivergo, the Spanish sugar division Azucarera and UK bakery operations Allied.

The company has already announced that has kickstarted a restructuring of Azucarera, which involves simplifying its manufacturing operations, cutting costs and improving efficiency. Meanwhile, it is currently negotiating with the UK government about Vivergo to find a regulatory solution that it hopes will mitigate certain rules on imported ethanol and the impact of US trade tariffs.

Meanwhile, ABF announced on Friday that it was acquiring the Hovis Brand in an effort to bolster the Allied division, bringing together "two of the leading names in the UK sliced bread market", according to Shore Capital.

"Quite how much profitability will emerge and when, remains to be seen, but we can foresee a welcome boost to ABF's Grocery division here, given that Allied has been making trading losses amounting to, we suspect, £20-30m per annum for some time," the broker said, as it "applauded these workstreams", noting that "aligning the stars of ABF is virtuous to the group's investment thesis, to us, and so bringing Allied, Azucarera and Vivergo in from the cold is welcome news".

"In the big scheme of things, [...] we welcome the important improvement in prospects for its UK bakery division, and we reiterate our Buy stance on ABF equity where valuation multiples remain undemanding, to us."

Analysts at Berenberg raised their target price on Chilean multinational Antofagasta from 2,100p to 2,200p on Friday following the group's first-half results a day earlier.

Berenberg said Antofagasta's interim results were broadly in line with its expectations, but noted it also included a beat on net debt. Revenues of $3.8bn and underlying earnings of $2.2bn were both in line with estimates, while underlying earnings per share came in at $0.47, versus its $0.48 estimate.

The German bank highlighted that the beat on net debt, which at $2.3bn was well below its $2.9bn estimate, was driven by capex phasing for ongoing growth projects at Centinela and Los Pelambres, although capex was expected to rise in H2.

"Overall, this was an unsurprising set of results, with the stock closing down by c0.7% on a down day for copper prices," said Berenberg, which reiterated its 'buy' rating on the stock.

"We update our model for the H1 financial results and make slight adjustments to our estimates (ie capex phasing). This has a small impact on our estimates and our price target lifts to 2,200p per share. For investors looking for high-quality copper exposure, we think that Antofagasta is a clear stand-out. The shares are currently trading on 2.09x NAV and 7.4x 2025E EBITDA."


22. New Mexico to receive $350K in Santa Fe spa settlement

The state was awarded $350,000 after it sued a Santa Fe spa for using aggressive and deceptive sales tactics and overcharging customers.

"Our department has been hard at work on this case, and we are proud to return money to customers who were targeted and financially harmed," New Mexico Attorney General Raúl Torrez said in a news release on Friday.

We want to hear from you For general questions or concerns, email web@abqjournal.com

Sign Up for free news email newsletter

Success! An email has been sent to with a link to confirm list signup.

Error! There was an error processing your request.

Albuquerque Journal Daily News Headlines Please enter a valid email address. Sign up Manage your lists


23. Pets face higher heatstroke risks than humans, says Japan vet; tips on prevention

TOKYO -- Dogs and cats are subject to a higher heatstroke risks than humans, a veterinarian in Japan has warned. He provided tips to the Mainichi Shimbun on how to prevent the condition and how pet owners should respond in the event of heatstroke.

The relentless heat in Japan has been taking a toll on pets, with numerous reports of dogs and cats falling ill.

"Even at 6 a.m., it's too hot for a walk." "My pet suffered heatstroke while traveling." "I use a fan in the cart when going out." These are some of the comments pet owners have shared on X (formerly Twitter). So, how can heatstroke in pets be prevented? What should be done if symptoms appear?

10% to 20% more cases than usual

At Hashimoto Suita Animal Clinic in Suita, Osaka Prefecture, heatstroke and suspected heatstroke cases involving dogs and cats began to increase in around late May.

"I feel it started earlier than usual (this year) and that the proportion of heatstroke cases among all consultations is also 10% to 20% more," said Yuta Hashimoto, 31, the clinic's director and veterinarian. He explained that in some cases, pets arrived in respiratory distress and were saved through intubation.

Hashimoto emphasized, "If you don't take immediate action, heatstroke can be life-threatening. Even if you think it might be mild, don't hesitate to seek medical attention early."

Nearly half notice changes in pets during hot weather

Dogs and cats do not have well-developed sweat glands like humans, preventing them from lowering their body temperature by sweating. For this reason, it is difficult for them to regulate body temperature, making them more prone to heatstroke.

In an online survey conducted last September by the Tokyo-based pet insurance company Ipet Insurance Co., targeting 500 dog owners, 53% of respondents reported noticing changes in their dog's condition during hot weather. Among the respondents, 9.4% said their dog had been diagnosed with heatstroke, while 16.6% answered that vets have told them their pet was sick due to the heat.

A similar survey conducted for 500 cat owners around the same time revealed that 45% noticed changes in their cat's condition during hot weather. Among all respondents, 5.8% reported heatstroke diagnosis, and 10.2% confirmed diagnosis of heat-related issues.

Signs of heatstroke

What signs should owners look for to identify their pets suffering from heatstroke?

According to Hashimoto, breathing and body temperature are critical indicators. Rapid, continuous panting and a hot body or ears suggest a high likelihood of heatstroke. Other symptoms include lethargy, excessive drooling and vomiting.

In severe cases, pets may exhibit labored breathing and cyanosis, where the tongue and oral mucosa turn bluish-purple, potentially leading to unconsciousness. This is considered a "critical situation."

Prevention and response

What measures should be taken to prevent heatstroke?

The risk of heatstroke increases when pets are left in non-air-conditioned rooms or taken for walks in the heat. It is preferred to maintain indoor temperatures between 25 to 28 degrees Celsius when leaving pets alone. Walking pets during cooler early mornings or on routes with soil or grass can also be effective.

"Consider skipping walks if it's too hot," Hashimoto advised.

If heatstroke symptoms occur, seeking veterinary care promptly is essential. As first aid, covering the pet with a wet towel or cooling major blood vessels in the neck and groin with ice packs can help.

Beware of paw burns

Heatstroke is not the only concern during hot weather.

"Even at air temperatures of 35 to 40 C, asphalt can easily exceed 50 C. Walking on maintenance holes is like stepping on a hot iron plate," Hashimoto warned.

To prevent paw burns, using specialized shoes or socks for pets can be effective. However, owners should first touch the ground with their hands to assess its safety. Hashimoto cautioned, "Animals feel heat more intensely than we imagine. Recognize that the risk from heat is higher for them than for humans."

(Japanese original by Richi Tanaka, Digital News Group)


24. Marco Rubio accuses CBS reporter of pushing 'stupid media narrative' in fiery clash over Zelensky

Secretary of State Marco Rubio clashed with CBS 'Face the Nation' host Margaret Brennan over Trump's handling of the war in Ukraine.

Secretary of State Marco Rubio clashed with "Face the Nation" host Margaret Brennan, accusing her of pushing a "stupid media narrative" during a fierce exchange on Sunday.

"You know there is concern from the Europeans that President Zelensky is going to be bullied into signing something away. That's why you have these European leaders coming as backup tomorrow," Brennan said before being cut off.

"That is not true," Rubio interjected, as the two spoke over each other. "But that's not true, they're not coming here tomorrow to keep Zelensky from being bullied."

President Donald Trump recently hosted Russian President Vladimir Putin in Alaska for a highly anticipated summit focused on ending the war in Ukraine. The conflict, which began with Russia's full-scale invasion on February 24, 2022, has resulted in an estimated two million casualties, including both military and civilian losses on both sides. Putin previously seized Crimea and backed Russian separatists in 2014. Trump has been working to secure a ceasefire in the war, often claiming it would never have broken out had he been president, and vowing he'd end the conflict on "day one" during his campaign.

ZELENSKYY THANKS NATO, EUROPEAN LEADERS FOR BACKING HIS PUSH TO JOIN TRUMP‑PUTIN SUMMIT

The presidents failed to secure a ceasefire during the summit. However, both sides said they made good progress and planned to meet again.

Trump scheduled a meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky on Monday, with other European heads of state, to discuss what was agreed to at the summit and determine next steps.

Trump has signaled his intention to schedule a trilateral meeting involving himself, Putin, and Zelensky, or at least get the two warring leaders in the same room to negotiate an ultimate deal. Trump's envoy, Steve Witkoff, said the concessions made at the summit were substantial, particularly regarding Ukrainian security guarantees.

"We agreed on much more robust security guarantees, the Russians agreed on enshrining legislatively language that they would attest to not attempting to take any more land from Ukraine after a peace deal, where they would attest to not violating any European borders," Witkoff said.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE COVERAGE OF MEDIA AND CULTURE

Brennan pressed Rubio over the contentious Oval Office meeting between Trump, Zelensky and Vice President J.D. Vance, where the Ukrainian leader was "dressed down" after he openly mocked the idea of negotiation with Putin.

"What kind of diplomacy, JD, you are [sic] speaking about?" Zelensky asked, triggering a total meltdown between the three leaders.

"We gave you, through this stupid president, $350 billion. We gave you military equipment... If you didn't have our military equipment, this war would have been over in two weeks... you don't have the cards," Trump fired back.

The conversation ended with Zelensky leaving Washington, D.C. early and an expected minerals deal not being signed -- though it was later ratified.

Rubio, continuing to talk over Brennan, rejected the idea that Zelensky needed protection from being bullied and insisted that the White House and their Ukrainian counterparts have had dozens of meetings since the infamous meeting.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"We had one meeting with Putin and like a dozen meetings with Zelensky... They're not coming here tomorrow to keep Zelensky from being bullied. They are coming here because we've been working with the Europeans. We talked to them last week... The President talked to these leaders as early as Thursday... This is such a stupid media narrative," Rubio said.


25. 'We Miss Her Madly': Famed Bodybuilder, Life Coach Dies Unexpectedly At 37

Her family in her obituary said McNeff's passing was "unexpected but peaceful."

McNeff grew up in Concord, Massachusetts, and graduated from Concord-Carlisle High School before attending the University of Massachusetts Amherst. From a young age, she excelled in a wide range of sports -- equestrian, board diving, and skiing -- before turning her focus to bodybuilding, according to her obituary

She went on to win multiple state titles in Maryland and Delaware and earned recognition in the 2005 documentary "Raising the Bar," which explored the demanding world of competitive bodybuilding.

Her obituary called her a "lifelong athlete" who achieved "the highest success that sector offered."

McNeff's father Dave called his daughter "determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," and her resume backs that up.

"Hayley was like a beam of light in this world. She had boundless energy and was very determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," he told People magazine. "She set her sights on bodybuilding and fitness and achieved the highest success that sector offered. She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

McNeff was remembered for her personality as much as her accomplishments. According to her obituary, she was known for her "quick wit" and "constant sense of humor." It continued, "She had a gift for making those around her laugh and feel welcomed. Her energy and determination was a constant in her life and she always accomplished what she set out to achieve. She treasured her friendships and nurtured strong, lasting relationships with those who knew her best."

Her family added, "She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

Click here to follow Daily Voice Englewood and receive free news updates.


26. 1 killed, at least 2 injured in southwest Houston fatal crash, police say

HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- One person was killed, and at least two people were injured in a southwest Houston crash on Sunday afternoon, police said.

According to Houston police, a Toyota Corolla struck a BMW on South Post Oak Road near South Willow Drive just before 1:30 p.m.

Both drivers were transported to the hospital, where one later died, authorities said. At least one other person was also taken to the hospital in unknown condition.

The cause of the crash remains under investigation.

This is a developing story. Eyewitness News is continuing to gather facts.

Have a breaking news tip or an idea for a story you think we should cover? Send it to ABC13 using the form below. If you have a video or photo to send, terms of use apply. If you don't, just hit 'skip upload' and send the details.


27. 'We Miss Her Madly': Famed Bodybuilder, Life Coach Dies Unexpectedly At 37

Her family in her obituary said McNeff's passing was "unexpected but peaceful."

McNeff grew up in Concord, Massachusetts, and graduated from Concord-Carlisle High School before attending the University of Massachusetts Amherst. From a young age, she excelled in a wide range of sports -- equestrian, board diving, and skiing -- before turning her focus to bodybuilding, according to her obituary

She went on to win multiple state titles in Maryland and Delaware and earned recognition in the 2005 documentary "Raising the Bar," which explored the demanding world of competitive bodybuilding.

Her obituary called her a "lifelong athlete" who achieved "the highest success that sector offered."

McNeff's father Dave called his daughter "determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," and her resume backs that up.

"Hayley was like a beam of light in this world. She had boundless energy and was very determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," he told People magazine. "She set her sights on bodybuilding and fitness and achieved the highest success that sector offered. She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

McNeff was remembered for her personality as much as her accomplishments. According to her obituary, she was known for her "quick wit" and "constant sense of humor." It continued, "She had a gift for making those around her laugh and feel welcomed. Her energy and determination was a constant in her life and she always accomplished what she set out to achieve. She treasured her friendships and nurtured strong, lasting relationships with those who knew her best."

Her family added, "She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

Click here to follow Daily Voice Wyckoff-Franklin Lakes and receive free news updates.


28. Haven holiday park nightmare as kids 'having meltdowns' after families turned away - The Mirror

Crying children were "having meltdowns" in "mayhem" after families were turned away from a Haven park which had to close.

The Presthaven beach resort in North Wales was forced to cancel booked holidays over the weekend after a Welsh Water burst main caused water supply issues to properties across Flintshire. The venue said there had been a 'major drop in water pressure' on Friday and that due to loss of water supply, main facilities in the park had to close. This also meant that holidaymakers and private lettings arrivals could not have their bookings honoured.

In an update on Saturday, the park issued a further statement on social media saying that although work was being undertaken to fix the issue, that its facilities were still unable to be reopened and that customers were being refunded for their booked stays.

Kimberley Nolan had travelled with four children on the train from Little Hulton, Greater Manchester, on Friday for a three-night summer break. She said that after arriving at the park, security staff were turning people away from the site.

She said children began 'going into meltdown' and were seen 'in tears' as families with their luggage were stood on the street and using their phones to try and find last minute alternative accommodation.

As she was leaving her home in Salford, she claims the park issued an update on social media asking guests to bring water with them and that the food and beverage outlets, along with the pool, had been closed, with the shop open 'for essentials'.

"We saw a post that there were water supply issues as we were leaving," Kimberley told the Manchester Evening News. "There wasn't much pre-warning or strict advice not to travel, so we continued making our way there as it was our only chance for a summer break. We had to try for the sake of the kids.

"When we got there, there were security and Haven staff turning people away. We'd travelled all that way and were just told we couldn't stay for our holiday. We had nowhere to stay. We even went to the travel agents in Prestatyn and tried everywhere, other caravan parks, but we couldn't get in anywhere.

"There were so many upset kids who had been turned away. They were in tears. Some were having meltdowns. It was mayhem. Families all in the same boat stood with their bags trying to find somewhere but there was no availability. We were trying our best to make it into a holiday for the kids. All they wanted to do was go onto the beach and we had travelled all the way there."

Kimberley claims that although an offer of reimbursement for the cost of the holiday has been offered by Haven, for stays between August 15 and 18, that she also spent over £130 on train fares, plus additional expenses like snacks and drinks for the journey.

"We won't get our holiday now," she added. "We have to wait for the refund and it would mean saving up again for trains. They go back to school in a few weeks."

The initial statement posted by the park on Friday morning, when Kimberley was travelling to the park with her children, read: "Our food and beverage outlets and swimming pool are currently closed, the mini market is open for essentials. If you are travelling to park we are advising that you bring water with you."

In an update that afternoon, a statement added that due to water pressure issues, facilities had to close and that holiday lettings could not be supported until the incident was resolved.

"Due to the loss of water, and in line with health and safety regulations, all main facilities on park are currently closed," it read. "While owners are welcome to remain on park during this time, we're unfortunately unable to support holidaymaker or private lettings guest arrivals until the situation is resolved.

"Thank you for your patience and understanding and we'll share updates as soon as we have them." The park later announced that members of the team were receiving abuse from private guests and that they had 'no alternative but to let them on the park' despite facilities being closed.

A further statement shared on Saturday (August 16) read: "We still have no water, although Welsh Water have confirmed the leak has been repaired, it will still take 48 hrs to replenish their systems and filter it out. We are unable to open any facilities until the water is fully restored.

"I would also like to sincerely thank you for your kind emails, messages, and generous offers of water and food during such a difficult time. As a team, we've been truly touched by your thoughtfulness and are deeply grateful for your support."

It was later announced on Sunday morning that the park's water supply had been fully restored and that the park would fully open again on Monday.

Welsh Water issued a statement on the incident at 3pm on Sunday (August 17) confirming that the supply of water had been restored to the majority of properties impacted by the burst water main and that the firm was 'working tirelessly' to restore supplies to those still affected. Bottled water stations were also set up until Monday in three areas.

A spokesperson for Haven said: "As the result of a failure of a Welsh Water main, the Presthaven park and much of the surrounding area was left without water.

We are extremely sorry that this meant we had to take the difficult decision to close the park to holiday makers on Friday. We really do appreciate just how disappointing this is to everyone who's had their holiday disrupted. Water has been restored today (Sunday) and we will be re-opening tomorrow (Monday)."


29. Tokyo department store seeking post-WWII photos of 'Taka-chan' the elephant raised on rooftop

TOKYO -- A department store here is calling for people to submit photos of an elephant named "Taka-chan," who was kept on the rooftop of its eight-story main building for four years starting in 1950, during Japan's post-World War II recovery.

At a time when there were only a few elephants in Japan due to the wartime culling of zoo animals, Taka-chan was extremely popular. Some of the photos collected will be featured in Takashimaya Archives Tokyo's special exhibition about Taka-chan planned for 2026. A Takashimaya Co. representative said, "We hope people will also send in their memories, like 'I was scared when I rode on her back,' along with the photos."

Taka-chan was a female elephant born in Thailand that arrived in Japan in May 1950. At the time, she was a young elephant weighing 560 kilograms and standing 1.3 meters tall. She was lifted in a wooden crate using a crane onto the rooftop of Nihombashi Takashimaya Shopping Center in the capital's Chuo Ward.

After soliciting names for the elephant from the public, it was decided she would be called Taka-chan. She had a gentle temperament and even let visitors directly interact with her, such as allowing children to ride on her back. She also entertained guests by blowing a trumpet and using her trunk to play a drum with a stick.

The rooftop was equipped with an elephant house and a facility for her caretakers to ensure she was properly looked after. Over four years, Taka-chan grew to over three times her initial size, reaching 1.8 metric tons in weight and 1.8 meters in height. In May 1954, she was transferred to Ueno Zoo. She practiced going down stairs on the rooftop before the move, and successfully walked down the department store's interior staircase to reach ground level.

The upcoming exhibition, tentatively titled "Riding an Elephant: Taka-chan, who Lived on the Rooftop of a Department Store," is scheduled to be held from March to August next year. Atsumi Ebina, curator at Takashimaya Archives Tokyo, said, "We want this exhibition to explore why elephants have been so enthusiastically embraced in Japan over the years." She added, "We hope to recognize Taka-chan's role in promoting peace and serving as a symbol of postwar recovery within the history of elephants in Japan."

Submissions will be accepted until Nov. 4. There are requirements including that the photos must show Taka-chan with people on the department store rooftop, and that the applicant must own the copyright. For inquiries on the "Do you know my Taka-chan?" project, please contact the "Taka-chan Section" at Takashimaya Archives Tokyo on 03-3211-4111 (in Japanese).

(Japanese original by Kazuyuki Endo, Tokyo City News Department)


30. 'We Miss Her Madly': Famed Bodybuilder, Life Coach Dies Unexpectedly At 37

Her family in her obituary said McNeff's passing was "unexpected but peaceful."

McNeff grew up in Concord, Massachusetts, and graduated from Concord-Carlisle High School before attending the University of Massachusetts Amherst. From a young age, she excelled in a wide range of sports -- equestrian, board diving, and skiing -- before turning her focus to bodybuilding, according to her obituary

She went on to win multiple state titles in Maryland and Delaware and earned recognition in the 2005 documentary "Raising the Bar," which explored the demanding world of competitive bodybuilding.

Her obituary called her a "lifelong athlete" who achieved "the highest success that sector offered."

McNeff's father Dave called his daughter "determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," and her resume backs that up.

"Hayley was like a beam of light in this world. She had boundless energy and was very determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," he told People magazine. "She set her sights on bodybuilding and fitness and achieved the highest success that sector offered. She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

McNeff was remembered for her personality as much as her accomplishments. According to her obituary, she was known for her "quick wit" and "constant sense of humor." It continued, "She had a gift for making those around her laugh and feel welcomed. Her energy and determination was a constant in her life and she always accomplished what she set out to achieve. She treasured her friendships and nurtured strong, lasting relationships with those who knew her best."

Her family added, "She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

Click here to follow Daily Voice Cliffside Park-Edgewater and receive free news updates.


🇺🇸 USA MARKET NEWS
----------------------------------------

1. Arsenal wins 1-0 at Man United as Chelsea held by Palace in Premier League

Arsenal kept at bay Manchester United's expensively assembled forward line and scored again from a set piece to win 1-0 in the marquee match in the opening round of the Premier League on Sunday.

Arsenal defender Riccardo Calafiori nodded in from close range in the 13th minute after United back-up goalkeeper Altay Bayındır -- starting ahead of Andre Onana -- flapped at the ball from a corner whipped in by Declan Rice.

While Arsenal followed likely title rivals Liverpool and Manchester City in claiming an opening-weekend victory, United fell to a loss that is all-to-familiar under Ruben Amorim following a woeful 15th-place finish last season by English soccer's fallen giant.

United spent around 200 million pounds ($270 million) on revamping its attack in the offseason, with Bryan Mbeumo and Matheus Cunha starting the match and Benjamin Sesko coming off the bench in the second half.

While the team played with a good intensity at Old Trafford, Arsenal's strong defense stood firm.

"For me, there was more sign of hope than what we got from the game," United captain Bruno Fernandes said.

Sweden striker Viktor Gyokeres was substituted in the 60th minute in an underwhelming first competitive start for Arsenal, whose goal came from a familiar route with Mikel Arteta's team so imposing from set-piece situations in recent seasons. Since the start of the 2023-24 season, Arsenal has scored 31 goals from corners -- more than any other Premier League team, according to Opta, the league's statistics supplier.

"We know we could have lost the game but football is like this," Arsenal goalkeeper David Raya said. "Days like this is when the three points count."

Chelsea also failed to score in its opening league game, held 0-0 by Crystal Palace in its first competitive match as the club world champion.

A month after stunning Paris Saint-Germain in the Club World Cup final, Chelsea toiled at Stamford Bridge after a short preseason because of its exertions in the United States.

Eze's farewell?

Eberechi Eze has been heavily linked with a move to Tottenham so the England midfielder might have been making his final appearance for Palace.

He almost marked it with a goal.

In the 13th minute, Eze smashed a direct free kick past Chelsea goalkeeper Robert Sanchez from the edge of the area but the goal was ruled out after a video review spotted an infringement by Palace captain Marc Guehi as he attempted to push aside Chelsea's Moises Caicedo in the defensive wall.

The Premier League confirmed Guehi was standing less than one meter (yard) from the wall as the shot was taken, which is not allowed.

Joao Pedro and Cole Palmer, stars for Chelsea in the Club World Cup, were quiet. The hosts lacked intensity because they've only been back in training for a couple of weeks, while Palace has had a long preseason and was coming off beating Liverpool on penalties in the Community Shield last weekend.

Wood starts hot for Forest

Nottingham Forest hit the ground running with a 3-1 win over Brentford, with striker Chris Wood -- the team's top scorer last season with 20 goals -- netting twice in the first half either side of a goal on debut by Dan Ndoye.

Wood started quickly last season in the best goalscoring top-flight campaign of his career and he needed just five minutes to open his account this time round, making the most of a poor clearance at a corner to poke home a finish.

Ndoye headed in a second in the 42nd minute and Wood rounded the goalkeeper in first-half stoppage time to stroke in a third.

Igor Thiago converted a late penalty for a consolation for Brentford, which might struggle this season after selling star forward Bryan Mbeumo to Manchester United and not having first-choice striker Yoane Wissa available. Wissa has been linked with a move to Newcastle.

Jota tribute

All matches on Sunday featured a period of silence before kickoff as a tribute to Diogo Jota and Andre Silva, the brothers who were killed in a car crash in Spain last month. Jota was a player for Liverpool at the time.


2. Putin got the red-carpet treatment from Trump. Where does this leave Ukraine?

Matthew Sussex, Associate Professor (Adj), Griffith Asia Institute; and Fellow, Strategic and Defence Studies Centre, Australian National University

The bizarre summit between Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin in Alaska should sway all but the most credulous doubters that the White House is more interested in friendly relations with Russia's dictator than achieving a lasting peace in Ukraine.

An abridged program saw the two leaders swiftly conclude the meeting earlier than had been expected. They then heaped praise on one another at a press conference that didn't feature any questions from the press.

Worryingly, Trump is still as unconcerned about handing Putin symbolic victories as he is unwilling to put any real pressure on the Russian leader.

The venue itself was telling. Russia has long carped that Alaska, which it sold to the US in the 1860s, is rightfully still its territory. Prior to the meeting, Kremlin mouthpieces made much of Putin's team taking a "domestic flight" to Anchorage, recalling billboards that went up in Russia in 2022 proclaiming "Alaska is ours!" That wasn't helped by yet another Trump gaffe prior to the meeting when he said he would "go back to the United States" if he didn't like what he heard.

When Putin's plane landed, US military personnel kneeled to fix a red carpet for the Russian president to walk across - as a respected leader, rather than an indicted war criminal. Putin was then invited to ride along with Trump in his limousine.

Beyond the optics, Trump handed Putin a number of other wins that will shore up his support at home and reinforce to the world that US-Russia relations have been normalised.

A summit is typically offered as a favour - an indication of an earnest desire to improve relations. By inviting him to Alaska, Trump gave Putin a stage to meet the American president as an equal. There was no criticism of Russia's appalling human rights abuses, its increasingly violent attempts to fragment the transatlantic alliance, or its desire to reshape its fortunes by conquest.

Instead, Trump sought again to portray Putin and himself as victims. He complained that both had been forced to "put up with the 'Russia, Russia, Russia' hoax" that Moscow had interfered in the 2016 US presidential election.

He then gifted Putin yet another win, putting the onus for accepting Russian terms to end the war in Ukraine back onto the Ukrainian government and Europe, by observing "it's ultimately up to them".

Putin got exactly what he could have hoped for. Aside from the photo ops, he framed any solution to the conflict around the "root causes" - code for NATO being to blame rather than Putin's unprovoked war of imperial aggression.

He also dodged any prospect of vaguely threatened US sanctions, with Trump returning to his familiar refrain of needing "two weeks" to think about them again.

And then, having pocketed both a symbolic and diplomatic bonanza, Putin promptly skipped lunch and flew home, presumably also accompanied by the bald-headed American eagle ornament that Trump had presented to him.

After Trump's subsequent call with European leaders to brief them on the summit, details about a peace proposal began to leak out.

Putin is reportedly prepared to fix the front lines as they stand in the Kherson and Zaporizhzhia regions of Ukraine, provided Kyiv agrees to cede all of Luhansk and Donetsk, including territory Russia doesn't currently hold. There would be no immediate ceasefire (which is Europe's and Ukraine's preference), but a move towards a permanent peace, which aligns with the Kremlin's interests.

Make no mistake: this is a thinly disguised trap. It amounts to little more than Putin and Trump slinging a dead cat at Ukraine and Europe, then blaming them as laggards and warmongers when they object.

For one thing, Ukraine still controls a sizeable portion of Donetsk. Giving up Donetsk and Luhansk would not only cede coal and mineral reserves to Moscow, but also require abandoning vital defensive positions that Russian forces have been unable to crack for years.

It would also position Russia to launch potential future incursions, opening the way to Dnipro to the west and Kharkiv to the north.

Trump's apparent backing for Russia's demands that Ukraine cede territory for peace - which NATO's European members reject - means Putin is succeeding in further fracturing the transatlantic partnership.

There was also little mention of who would secure the peace, or how Ukraine can be reassured Putin will not simply use the breathing space to rearm and try again.

Given the Kremlin has opposed NATO membership for Ukraine, would it really agree to European forces securing the new line of control? Or American ones? Would Ukraine be permitted to rearm, and to what extent?

And, even in the event of a firmer US line in a future post-Trump era, Putin will still have achieved a land grab that would be impossible to undo. That, in turn, reinforces the message that conquest pays off.

One apparently brighter note for Ukraine is the hint the US is prepared to offer it a "non-NATO" security guarantee.

But that should also be viewed with caution. The Trump administration has already expressed public ambivalence about US commitments to defend Europe via NATO's Article 5, which has called its credibility as an ally into question. Would the US really fight for Ukraine if there were a future Russian invasion?

To their credit, European leaders have responded firmly to Trump's dealings with Putin.

They have welcomed the attempt to resolve the conflict, but told Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky they will continue to back him if the deal is unacceptable. Zelensky, who is due to meet Trump in Washington on Monday, has already rejected the notion of ceding the Donbas region (Donetsk and Luhansk) to Russia.

But Europe will have to face the reality that not only must it do more, but it must also provide sustained leadership on security issues, rather than just reacting to repeated crises.

Ultimately, the Alaska summit shows that peace in Ukraine is only part of the broader picture for the Trump administration, which is dedicated to achieving warmer ties with Moscow, if not outright alignment with it.

In that sense, it matters little to Trump how peace is attained in Ukraine, or how long it lasts. What's important is he receives credit for it, if not the Nobel Peace Prize he craves.

And while Trump's vision of splitting Russia away from China is a fantasy, it is nonetheless one he has decided to entertain. That, in turn, compels America's European partners to respond accordingly.

Already there is plenty of evidence that having failed to win a trade war with China, the Trump administration is now choosing to feast on America's allies instead. We see this in its fixation with tariffs, its bizarre desire to punish India and Japan, and the trashing of America's soft power.

Even more sobering, Trump's diplomatic forays continue to see him treated as sport by authoritarian leaders.

That, in turn, provides a broader lesson for America's friends and partners: their future security may well rest on America's good offices, but it is foolish to assume that automatically places their fortunes above the whims of the powerful.


3. European leaders to join Zelenskyy in D.C., and multiple gunmen sought in Brooklyn shooting: Weekend Rundown

Plus, Air Canada workers stay on strike in defiance of a government directive, and blue-collar jobs are safe from AI (so far).

Ukraine and its allies are scrambling to respond to President Donald Trump's apparent shift toward Vladimir Putin's hard-line position after their summit in Alaska.

A cohort of European leaders announced that they would join Ukraine's Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Washington on Monday as they seek to navigate America's new approach to ending the war.

NATO Secretary-General Mark Rutte, European Commission President Ursula von de Leyen, German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, U.K. Prime Minister Keir Starmer, French President Emmanuel Macron and Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni announced they would be joining Zelenskyy in D.C., perhaps hoping to ensure there is no repeat of his last Oval Office meeting.

Trump signaled Saturday that he was reversing his insistence on a ceasefire and instead pursuing a permanent peace deal -- aligning the United States with the Kremlin rather than Kyiv and its European backers.

Trump directly engaged with Zelenskyy and European leaders by phone early Saturday morning about the U.S. taking part in a potential NATO-like security guarantee for Ukraine as part of a deal with Russia, two senior administration officials and three sources familiar with the discussions told NBC News.

"European and American security guarantees were discussed," one source familiar with the discussions said. "U.S. troops on the ground was not discussed or entertained by [Trump]."

Security guarantees would activate in the scenario that Russia were to invade Ukraine again, the sources said, but the protections would not include NATO membership.

A "full peace deal" between Ukraine and Russia is the best chance to end the conflict, but a temporary ceasefire agreement is "not off the table," Secretary of State Marco Rubio said.

"Now, whether there needs to be a ceasefire on the way there, well, we've advocated for that," Rubio told NBC News' "Meet the Press." "Unfortunately, the Russians, as of now, have not agreed to that."

Rubio defended the Trump administration's decision not to impose new sanctions on Russia as previously threatened, despite Putin's reluctance to move toward a peace deal, saying, "What we're trying to do right now is end the war."

"I don't think new sanctions on Russia are going to force them to accept ceasefire. They're already under very severe sanctions," he later added.

The secretary of state also added that Putin is "certainly asking for things that the Ukrainians and others are not willing to be supportive of and that we're not going to push them to give, and the Ukrainians are asking for things that the Russians are not going to give up on."

Three people were killed and another nine were injured in an overnight shooting involving multiple gunmen at a Brooklyn nightclub, police said.

The shooting took place at the Taste of the City Lounge on Franklin Avenue in the Crown Heights neighborhood, New York Police Commissioner Jessica Tisch said at a news conference. The victims were identified as a 27-year-old male, a 35-year-old male and an 19-year-old male.

"What we know preliminarily is that there was a dispute inside the crowded club that led to the shooting," Tisch told reporters. "We believe that there were up to four shooters involved in this incident."

No suspects are in custody, and city officials urged the public to come forward with any information related to the shooting. It is currently believed to be a gang-related incident.

More than 10,000 Air Canada flight attendants walked off the job over pay and scheduling concerns, prompting the Canadian government to step in.

The airline suspended all operations Saturday morning, before Jobs and Families Minister Patty Hajdu directed the Canada Industrial Relations Board to impose binding arbitration, effectively ordering workers to continue their regular duties until an agreement is reached.

But on Sunday, the Canadian Union of Public Employees called the move "blatantly unconstitutional" and said its members "remain on strike."

"We demand a fair, negotiated contract and to be compensated for all hours worked," the union said in a statement.

The airline subsequently suspended its plan to resume limited flights, and now expects to restart operations Monday evening.

There is no shortage of hype around AI coming for jobs, and while the U.S. labor market has begun to sputter, hard evidence of AI-related job losses is scant. Even software engineers, seen as at particular risk thanks to AI's ability to generate computer code, so far seem relatively unscathed.

Whether or not AI does end up replacing some jobs, experts predict that skilled trades that include manual labor and expertise are the least vulnerable to modern technology, and the idea has been enough to push some people to reconsider their futures.

For Gen Zers without a degree, blue-collar work has offered a path to financial stability without the burden of student loans; and Gen Z men, regardless of education level, are more likely than women to choose blue-collar careers, according to a survey by Resume Builder.

Those jobs, for now, appear safe. "It's a very wide misconception that we are on the verge of having humanoid robots basically replace workers. In my mind, that's a myth," said Ken Goldberg, president of the Robot Learning Foundation at the University of California, Berkeley. "Progress is being made at a slow pace."

A Fulton County judge misspoke while reading a defendant's verdict in a Georgia courtroom, telling him he was guilty when the jury deemed him not guilty. The judge apologized, then re-read the statement correctly as people in the courtroom laughed and applauded.


4. Gukesh in familiar territory, Praggnanandhaa eyes podium - The Shillong Times

St Louis (USA), Aug 17: World Champion D Gukesh returns to classical chess after a brief hiatus to face a star-studded field at the Sinquefield Cup starting Monday while R Praggnanandhaa will eye a podium finish in the fifth leg of the Grand Chess Tour to strengthen his overall fifth-place standing.

While many argue that the field feels incomplete without world No. 1 Magnus Carlsen, the Norwegian Grandmaster has openly admitted that he no longer enjoys classical chess.

Without Carlsen, the GCT was announced and this is the culmination point wherein the players would qualify for the grand finale slated later this year.

Fabiano Caruana of United States, Alireza Firouzja from France, and in-form Armenian-turned-American Levon Aronian are most likely to pose a stiff challenge for the Indian duo but the rest of the field is also quite impressive as all the nine selected players for the Grand Chess Tour for this year will compete together.

Given his current form in faster version, Gukesh may not be one of the favourites here but one should be reminded that classical chess is the Indian GM's forte.

Praggnanandhaa, meanwhile, has already cemented his credentials by qualifying for next year's Candidates Tournament, which will decide Gukesh's challenger for the world title.

Both Gukesh and Praggnanandhaa have also chosen to compete in the Grand Swiss in Uzbekistan next month, underlining their intent to win everything.

In the GCT standings, Praggnanandhaa currently leads Gukesh, but consistency will be key as they face seasoned opponents.

Among them, Maxime Vachier-Lagrave remains the man to beat, while 42-year-old Aronian has rediscovered top form. The former world junior champion and World Cup winner has already bagged two titles in as many weeks -Freestyle Chess in Las Vegas and the St. Louis Rapid & Blitz. Now it's classical chess and an encore is what his fans are rooting for.

The event, to be played over nine rounds between ten players, has a total prize pool of USD 350,000. (IANS)


5. Vietjet Unifies Delta, LATAM, American, Cathay Group, Air Arabia in Carrying More Passengers and Delivers Best Service

Vietjet unifies Delta, LATAM, American, Cathay Group, and Air Arabia in carrying more passengers while focusing on delivering the best service to passengers. The global aviation industry in 2025 is not only about numbers and expansion but also about how airlines shape the travel experience for millions. As demand for international and regional flights grows, leading carriers are reporting higher passenger volumes and stronger revenues, but their emphasis is increasingly on service, innovation, and inclusion.

For Vietjet, the story is about making air travel affordable and accessible while expanding to new destinations across Asia, Oceania, and Europe. Its mission has always been about inclusivity, ensuring that flying is no longer a luxury but a practical choice for students, families, and workers. Similarly, giants like Delta and American Airlines are strengthening their premium cabins and loyalty networks, proving that quality and comfort are central to long-term success. LATAM Airlines in South America and Cathay Group in Asia are both showing how passenger growth can go hand in hand with resilience and recovery, supported by improved long-haul operations.

Meanwhile, Air Arabia demonstrates that low-cost models can still thrive in competitive markets by balancing efficiency with passenger care. Together, these airlines highlight a wider truth: in 2025, profitability alone is not enough. The carriers that will lead the industry are those that carry more passengers while offering service that builds trust, loyalty, and human connection. For today's travellers, that blend of growth and care defines true success.

Airlines around the world are reporting strong profits in August 2025. From the United States to Europe and Asia, carriers are posting robust results for the second quarter and the first half of the year. These profits reflect strong international demand, steady cargo, and a rebound in premium travel. The results show that the industry is not only recovering from the shocks of the pandemic but also reshaping itself for growth.

The major US carriers delivered profitable quarters. Delta Air Lines posted a pre-tax profit of 1.8 billion dollars in the second quarter of 2025. The airline achieved a 13% operating margin and highlighted strong demand across both domestic and international networks. Delta credited premium cabins, loyalty programmes, and efficient fleet use as major drivers.

United Airlines also reported positive results. Net income for the second quarter reached 1 billion dollars with an adjusted pre-tax margin of 11%. United highlighted robust long-haul demand and steady loyalty revenue. The airline is focusing on international markets to offset weaker domestic leisure pricing.

American Airlines reported a net income of 599 million dollars on record quarterly revenue of 14.4 billion dollars. The carrier stressed the value of premium cabins and corporate contracts. American also pointed to efficiency gains as a reason for improved results.

Low-cost carriers also saw profits. Southwest Airlines recorded a net income of 213 million dollars despite softer domestic yields. The result showed the power of loyalty programmes and ancillary revenue in supporting performance.

Airlines in Latin America also posted profits. LATAM Airlines reported a net income of 242 million dollars for the second quarter of 2025. Revenue increased by around 12% year-on-year, supported by cross-border traffic. LATAM's results underline the strong position of the airline in South America's largest markets.

Copa Holdings of Panama delivered a net profit of 129.6 million dollars with an operating margin of 16.6%. Copa credited its Panama hub and efficient network structure for strong connectivity. The airline's focus on linking the Americas is clearly paying off.

Azul of Brazil reported net income of 1.29 billion reais, supported partly by special items. The airline also recorded stronger operating income compared to the previous year. Azul's performance reflects the size and diversity of the Brazilian domestic market, as well as growing international demand.

Europe produced some of the most powerful profit results. International Airlines Group (IAG), the parent of British Airways, Iberia, Aer Lingus, and Vueling, posted an operating profit of 1.68 billion euros in the second quarter. For the first half of 2025, IAG reported net profit of 1.3 billion euros. IAG highlighted record transatlantic demand and high-value premium bookings.

Lufthansa Group also reported a strong quarter. The company posted an operating profit of 871 million euros, an increase of 27% compared with last year. Lufthansa credited premium cabins, corporate travel, and cost efficiency. The airline also reaffirmed its full-year guidance.

Air France-KLM posted an operating profit of 736 million euros in the second quarter of 2025. This was up from 513 million euros in the same period last year. The airline noted strong summer bookings and resilience in its premium segments.

Ryanair, Europe's largest low-cost carrier, delivered one of the most impressive numbers. In the first quarter of its fiscal year (April to June 2025), Ryanair posted net profit of 820 million euros. That was more than double the result of the year before. Strong bookings and demand across Europe helped drive the performance.

In the Middle East, Air Arabia stood out. The airline posted second quarter net profit of 415 million dirhams. For the first half of the year, Air Arabia delivered net profit of 770 million dirhams, an increase of 11% year-on-year. The result is significant given ongoing regional challenges. The airline credited efficient operations and a sharp focus on demand in leisure and visiting friends and relatives segments.

Asian carriers also showed positive results. Cathay Pacific reported a profit of around 3.65 to 3.7 billion Hong Kong dollars for the first half of 2025. The airline also announced orders for 14 new Boeing 777-9 aircraft, signalling confidence in long-term growth. Cathay credited cargo recovery, premium travel, and expansion into new markets for its performance.

Singapore Airlines reported net profit of 186 million Singapore dollars for the first quarter of its fiscal year 2025/26. While down from the previous year, the airline still remained in profit. Operating profit reached 404.5 million Singapore dollars. The carrier highlighted its broad network and resilience in premium travel.

Other Asian airlines also indicated improvement. ANA and JAL of Japan reported stronger year-on-year results, while Korean Air delivered stable revenue and operating profit. These results show that Asia, once the slowest region to recover from travel restrictions, is now seeing profits return.

Several factors are driving the profits. One is strong transatlantic demand. European airlines such as IAG, Lufthansa, and Air France-KLM benefited from high-value bookings to and from the United States. Another is premium travel, which has rebounded faster than expected. Business travellers and high-end leisure passengers are filling premium cabins at higher yields.

In the US, airlines leaned on loyalty programmes, cargo revenue, and long-haul routes to offset weaker domestic leisure yields. Latin American carriers benefited from strong connectivity hubs and expanding middle-class travel demand. In Asia, long-haul recovery and cargo growth were critical.

Lower fuel prices in parts of the quarter also supported performance, although labour costs remain a challenge in many regions. Overall, airlines are showing resilience through diversified revenue streams, strong hubs, and new international opportunities.

Europe posted the highest profits relative to pre-pandemic levels, with IAG and Ryanair leading the way. The United States showed consistent profitability across its largest carriers, though domestic yield pressure remains a concern. Latin America highlighted the growing role of hub airlines like Copa, while Asia confirmed that recovery is firmly underway, with Cathay and Singapore Airlines back in the black. The Middle East showed that low-cost carriers like Air Arabia can still deliver profits even in complex regional environments.

Despite profits, challenges remain. Fuel volatility, labour costs, and geopolitical risks could affect the second half of 2025. In the US, weak domestic fares may continue to put pressure on low-cost carriers. In Europe, competition remains intense. In Asia, demand is still uneven, especially in China's outbound sector. Airlines must continue to innovate, focus on efficiency, and manage costs carefully.

Airlines worldwide are proving profitable in August 2025. Results from the US, Europe, Asia, Latin America, and the Middle East show broad recovery and renewed growth. From Delta's billions to Ryanair's record profits and Cathay's return to the black, the story is one of resilience and opportunity.

The common message is that aviation is back as a driver of economic growth and cultural exchange. Carriers are not just posting profits. They are adapting to a new reality of premium travel, diversified revenue, and global connectivity. The profits of August 2025 mark a new phase in the industry's journey. Airlines are no longer just recovering. They are leading.

Vietjet is rewriting the future of aviation. Under the leadership of founder and chairwoman Dr. Nguyen Thi Phuong Thao, the airline is expanding across continents while keeping fares affordable and opportunities inclusive. In an industry often driven by market share and fleet size, Vietjet stands out with a mission that blends ambition, innovation, and humanity. From Vietnam to Singapore and beyond, the airline is becoming a global brand built on values and vision.

Vietjet's rise is not an accident. It reflects a deliberate growth model shaped by purpose. The airline was founded on the principle of "Save more, fly more." Over time, that idea has grown into something larger -- air travel as a tool for economic mobility and cultural exchange. Vietjet wants to make flying accessible to people who never imagined it possible. Every seat sold carries more than a passenger. It carries a story, a dream, and a connection.

In mid-2025, Dr. Thao delivered a powerful address to more than 9,000 employees across 60 countries. Her theme, "A Whole New World, A Whole New Way," set the tone for Vietjet's next phase. She spoke of new long-haul services, fresh markets in Kazakhstan, the Middle East, Oceania, and Europe, and stronger presence across Asia-Pacific. The figures are impressive. In the first half of 2025 alone, Vietjet flew more than 99,000 flights and carried nearly 18 million passengers. Yet Dr. Thao focused less on statistics and more on purpose. Her message was clear: Vietjet is about people, not numbers.

A major step forward has been the expansion in Singapore. On 30 May 2025, Vietjet launched its fourth route to the city, linking Phu Quoc with the Lion City. This route operates four round trips weekly, boosting annual capacity between Singapore and Vietnam to more than 500,000 passengers. It marks a leap from 2014, when Vietjet first landed in Singapore. Since then, more than 16,000 flights and 2.6 million passengers have connected the two nations. The expansion also aligns with Singapore's recovery. In the first quarter of 2025, Changi Airport handled 17.2 million passenger movements, surpassing pre-pandemic levels. Budget carriers now account for a third of all traffic. Vietjet's presence in Singapore reflects both demand and strategy.

Vietjet's philosophy of "air travel for all" has shaped more than cheap tickets. It has created tens of thousands of stable jobs. It has also built confidence for millions of travellers who see flying as an everyday option rather than a luxury. For Dr. Thao, this accessibility is a social responsibility. Affordable flights enable students, workers, and families to connect. They drive tourism, business, and cultural exchange. This makes Vietjet more than an airline. It makes it a driver of economic mobility.

Innovation has been constant. Vietjet has added new routes, modernised its fleet, and improved passenger experience. But Dr. Thao's vision goes further. She wants to build an interconnected ecosystem linking aviation, tourism, and finance. This strategy will create more value streams and deepen customer engagement. By diversifying, Vietjet strengthens its competitive edge in a crowded market. For passengers, this means integrated services that go beyond the flight. For the company, it means resilience in a changing industry.

The airline's success has not come without sacrifice. Dr. Thao is candid about the personal cost for employees. She has spoken about time spent away from families and missed milestones. Yet she frames this sacrifice as meaningful. Vietjet's people chose not the easy path, but the purposeful one. Every contribution, she said, is part of a shared mission to elevate communities and nations. This sense of belonging drives the airline forward. It explains why Vietjet is more than a workplace. It is a movement.

Dr. Nguyen Thi Phuong Thao is Southeast Asia's first female self-made billionaire. Her leadership style has inspired both men and women across the region. She combines ambition with compassion, showing that success and humanity can co-exist. For an industry long dominated by male executives, her story is powerful. She has not only built an airline. She has created a model of leadership that blends vision with inclusion. Her presence has put Vietnam on the global aviation map.

Vietjet's global expansion is about more than routes. It is about bridging cultures. Each new connection is a link between economies and communities. Flights to Singapore strengthen business and tourism. Future services to Kazakhstan or the Middle East will do the same. In Dr. Thao's words, Vietjet serves as a bridge for economic growth between nations and as a connector of cultures and traditional values. This global mission gives Vietjet a role that extends far beyond transport.

Low fares are the foundation of Vietjet's model. By keeping prices down, the airline democratises air travel. For many passengers, Vietjet is the first airline they ever fly. This affordability does not only open opportunities for leisure travel. It expands access to education, healthcare, and work. Students fly to universities, families reunite across regions, and businesses access new markets. In this way, Vietjet is not just carrying passengers. It is carrying progress.

Like all airlines, Vietjet faces challenges. Competition is fierce. Operating costs are high. Geopolitical risks and fuel prices affect plans. But Vietjet responds with resilience. Its diversified markets, strong leadership, and community-driven mission help it adapt. The willingness to innovate and enter new markets reflects confidence. The sacrifices of its people reflect commitment. Together, these elements explain Vietjet's ability to grow in a volatile industry.

Dr. Thao's vision includes building a "smart, interconnected future." This means using digital tools, tourism integration, and financial services to add value. It also means strengthening Vietjet's brand as not just a carrier but a lifestyle company. Passengers will see Vietjet not only as transport, but as a gateway to wider opportunities. This strategy keeps the airline relevant and competitive. It also ensures that Vietjet continues to innovate for years to come.

Vietjet's journey from Vietnam to the world is about more than market share. It is about building purpose alongside profit. Under Dr. Nguyen Thi Phuong Thao, the airline has grown rapidly, connecting nations, empowering communities, and inspiring employees. From Singapore to Europe, from affordable fares to ecosystem innovation, Vietjet is shaping a new model of aviation.

The airline's story is about inclusion, innovation, and ambition. It shows that air travel can be affordable and meaningful at the same time. It proves that purpose-driven leadership can achieve global scale. Vietjet is not only expanding its footprint. It is elevating lives, inspiring change, and redefining what an airline can be. From Vietnam to the skies of the world, Vietjet's message is clear: flying is about connection, empowerment, and shared happiness.


6. While You Were Sleeping: 5 stories you might have missed, Aug 18, 2025

Nato-like protection in focus for Trump meeting with Ukraine, Europe

US President Donald Trump could offer Nato-like protection of Ukraine, and Russia is open to the idea, one of his top foreign policy officials said on Aug 17 ahead of a meeting with Ukraine and European leaders to hammer out details of possible security guarantees for Kyiv.

"We were able to win the following concession, that the United States could offer Article 5-like protection," Mr Steve Witkoff, Mr Trump's special envoy to Russia, told CNN's State of the Union programme. "The United States could offer Article 5 protection, which was the first time we had ever heard the Russians agree to that."

Mr Witkoff was referring to Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty, which regards any attack against one of its 32 members as an attack on all. He suggested that a security guarantee of that scale could be offered to Ukraine in lieu of Nato membership, which Mr Putin has ruled out.

Russia launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 and has been gradually advancing for months in the deadliest war in Europe for 80 years.

Defence stocks and energy markets are likely to be in focus this week, as European leaders rushed to back Ukraine in talks with US President Donald Trump that may pressure Kyiv to accept a peace deal favouring Russia.

Investors are watching for signs that the US may move closer to Russia in a bid to exploit vast, untapped Arctic energy resources, in a major geopolitical shift that piles pressure on Europe to rapidly boost defence spending.

Mr Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin ended their weekend summit in Alaska without securing a Ukraine ceasefire agreement, with the US president then saying he now wanted a rapid peace deal that Kyiv should accept.

Air Canada flight attendants remained on strike on Aug 17 past the deadline in a government-backed labour board's order to return to work, causing the country's biggest airline to delay restarting operations.

The Canadian Union of Public Employees said in a statement that members would remain on strike and invited Air Canada back to the table to "negotiate a fair deal," calling the order to end its strike unconstitutional. The airline said it would delay plans to restart operations from Aug 17 until the evening of Aug 18.

On Aug 16, the Canadian government under Prime Minister Mark Carney moved to end a strike by more than 10,000 flight attendants by asking the Canada Industrial Relations Board (CIRB) to order binding arbitration.

Scorching heat hampered efforts to contain 20 major wildfires across Spain on Aug 17, prompting the government to deploy an additional 500 troops from the military emergency unit to support firefighting operations.

In the north-western region of Galicia, several fires have converged to form a large blaze, forcing the closure of highways and rail services to the region.

Southern Europe is experiencing one of its worst wildfire seasons in two decades, with Spain among the hardest-hit countries.

Manchester United boss Ruben Amorim said his side can beat anyone in the Premier League despite beginning their season with a frustrating 1-0 defeat to Arsenal.

Riccardo Calafiori scored the only goal at Old Trafford. The Italian defender pounced on a mistake by United's stand-in goalkeeper Altay Bayindir.

The Red Devils had 22 shots and enjoyed over 60 per cent possession.


7. PP MP 'sorry' for critical comments

A People's Party (PP) MP from Nonthaburi province has apologised for controversial remarks made during a parliamentary debate on public funding for Buddhist missionary activities.

On Friday, Nont Pisarnlimjaroenkit, PP MP for Nonthaburi's Constituency 8, proposed cutting a 5-million-baht budget earmarked for morale-building among monks, which covered trips for 100 monks to four Buddhist pilgrimage sites in Las Vegas in the United States, as well as India and Nepal.

He questioned the value of the budget allocation, saying: "Why do monks need [high] morale to do their work? It costs 50,000 baht per person just to go there and pay respects to something we do not even know about."

After facing heavy criticism on social media for the remarks, he issued an apology on Sunday via his Facebook page.

"I express my regret and apologise to Buddhists and the wider public over the language I used during the debate regarding the sacred sites. [The remarks] offended many and appeared to undermine respect for Maha Bodhi [holy] sites," he wrote.

He admitted he was careless in using such language. His intention was not to insult anyone's beliefs but to scrutinise budget allocations, he said.

He argued agencies must justify their use of public funds in terms of efficiency, suitability and comprehensive benefit, and oversight of this is a duty for lawmakers.

He vowed to exercise greater care in future debates.

Amarat Chokepamitkul, former MP of the now-defunct Move Forward Party, PP's predecessor, called Mr Nont's remarks "carelessness, immature and deeply disappointing", noting that religion is a sensitive issue requiring careful language.

Meanwhile, Phra Maha Narin, abbot of the Thai Temple in Las Vegas in the United States, urged the Constitutional Court to dissolve the PP, saying Mr Nont's comments showed disrespect for Buddhism and a lack of understanding of Buddhism.

The abbot also claimed the Tripitaka (Buddhist scripture) stipulates that Buddhists should visit these sacred places of worship at least once in their lifetime.


8. Went Up The Hill Heads Stateside, Opening On Over 130 Screens

New Zealand-Australian co-production Went Up The Hill released over the weekend across more than 130 screens in the United States, marking a major international milestone for the critically acclaimed feature.

Premiering as a Special Presentation at the 2024 Toronto International Film Festival, director Samuel Van Grinsven says the film's journey from Aotearoa to North America has been deeply meaningful.

"From its haunting landscapes to its emotional core, this film is deeply personal. I'm honoured by the response it's received and excited for American audiences to experience it."

A co-production between local producer Vicky Pope (Savage, upcoming Pike River) and her Australian counterparts, Sam Jennings and Kristina Ceyton of Causeway Films (Talk To Me, The Babadook), the film highlights the strength of trans-Tasman collaboration and genre storytelling.

Pope says the film's growing international reach is a proud moment for the team, noting, "to see Went Up The Hill reach audiences across the US is incredibly rewarding. This film has been a labour of love, and we're thrilled to see it resonate so widely."

NZFC CEO, Annie Murray, says the release signals continued progress for New Zealand storytelling.

"The release ofWent Up The Hillmarks another step forward for New Zealand film, building on a wave of creative momentum. With Tinā soon to reach US audiences and Mārama premiering at Toronto, our storytelling continues to evolve and resonate. Co-productions like this highlight the power of collaboration -- bringing together talent, resources, and vision to create something truly special."

Starring Vicky Krieps (Corsage, The Phantom Thread) and Dacre Montgomery (Stranger Things), Went Up The Hill premiered in Aotearoa at Whānau Mārama: New Zealand International Film Festival in Auckland, attended by Van Grinsven along with Montgomery and his New Zealand whānau. Currently, screening nationwide as part of the festival, the film offers local audiences an early opportunity to experience it on home soil. It's also showing at the Melbourne International Film Festival, where Van Grinsven is nominated for Best Director.

Inspired by the director's childhood memories of South Island, the film blends psychological drama with supernatural tension. Jack (Montgomery) travels to New Zealand for the funeral of his estranged mother, Elizabeth. He claims to have been invited by her widow, Jill (Krieps), though she has no memory of doing so. Jill nonetheless welcomes Jack into her striking South Island home. As night falls, Elizabeth's spirit begins to stir, revealing unfinished business that binds both Jack and Jill.

Went Up The Hill was made with investment from the New Zealand Film Commission, Screen Australia, and the New Zealand Screen Production Rebate, along with support from ScreenCanterburyNZ and Screen NSW

Vendetta Films is distributing the film in New Zealand and Australia, while Greenwich Entertainment is handling distribution in North America. Bankside Films is managing international sales and co-representing North American rights alongside CAA Media Finance.

The New Zealand Film Commission (NZFC) is the government agency responsible for supporting and promoting New Zealand's vibrant screen industry. It invests in the development, production, and marketing of New Zealand films, both locally and internationally, and works to grow the country's reputation as a world-class destination for screen production.

The NZFC provides production financing for New Zealand feature and short films, offers talent development initiatives, and administers the New Zealand Screen Production Rebate (NZSPR) - a key driver in attracting major international productions. It also supports official co-productions and offers resources to connect New Zealand filmmakers with global partners.

Through its dual focus on nurturing local storytelling and bringing international productions to New Zealand's shores, the NZFC plays a vital role in the economic and cultural growth of the screen sector.


9. Ligue 1: PSG begin title defence with win at Nantes

Paris Saint-Germain got their defence of the Ligue 1 title off to a winning start on Sunday as Vitinha's deflected strike proved enough to earn the European champions a 1-0 victory away to Nantes.

The Portuguese midfielder's effort midway through the second half beat goalkeeper Anthony Lopes with the aid of a wicked deflection off Nantes defender Chidozie Awaziem to break the deadlock.

PSG were made to work hard for their victory as coach Luis Enrique made seven changes to his starting line-up following the UEFA Super Cup win on penalties against Tottenham Hotspur in midweek.

That was the first game of the new campaign for last season's Champions League winners, who only began pre-season training on August 6, having gone all the way to the Club World Cup final in the United States in mid-July.

They did not play any friendly matches prior to that and are therefore likely to require several weeks before getting close to the level at which they performed last season.

However, they still had enough against a hard-working but punchless Nantes side, playing a first competitive match under new Portuguese coach Luis Castro.

Ukraine defender Illia Zabarnyi played 90 minutes on his PSG debut after arriving at the start of the week from Bournemouth in a reported 66 million-euro (£57m, $76.7m) deal.

Lucas Chevalier also started with the new arrival from Lille having immediately taken over from Gianluigi Donnarumma as Luis Enrique's first-choice goalkeeper.

The likes of Ousmane Dembele, Achraf Hakimi, Desire Doue, Nuno Mendes and Khvicha Kvaratskhelia all started the game on the bench but the substitutes played a part in the goal which came on 67 minutes.

Dembele played a corner from the PSG left short to Mendes and his square pass was controlled by Vitinha before the playmaker fired in.

Goncalo Ramos, who hit the bar in the first half, then had an effort disallowed for offside late on, before Bradley Barcola clipped a shot just wide.

PSG's next game will be at home to Angers next Friday evening.

Elsewhere on Sunday, France's 2018 World Cup-winning striker Olivier Giroud scored his first goal for Lille in their 3-3 draw at Brest.

Angers beat newly-promoted Paris FC 1-0 with Esteban Lepaul scoring the only goal early on and the hosts holding on despite playing most of the second half down to 10 men.

Strasbourg were 1-0 winners at Metz thanks to a late strike by Argentine summer signing Joaquin Panichelli.

Auxerre beat Lorient 1-0, and it is Monaco who are the first league leaders in France this season thanks to their 3-1 win over Le Havre on Saturday.


10. Meet Team USA's six automatic qualifiers for the 2025 Ryder Cup at Bethpage Black

Half the U.S. team for the 2025 Ryder Cup is set, and half is still to come.

Team U.S.A. Captain Keegan Bradley knows six of the players on his 12-man team in search of regaining the Cup next month at Bethpage Black. The BMW Championship was the final qualifying event for the U.S. Ryder Cup team. Bradley will make his six captain's picks after next week's Tour Championship.

Let's take a closer look at the top six players in Ryder Cup points who locked up their spot on the American team.

Scheffler, the world No. 1, clinched his spot on the team two months ago. That speaks volumes to how well he has played the last two years during the qualifying period. Scheffler collected two more majors this season, winning the PGA Championship in May and British Open in July. This will mark his third straight Ryder Cup appearance. The 29-year-old Texan has a career record of 2-2-3.

"Representing the United States at the Ryder Cup has been one of the greatest honors of my career, and I look forward to doing so for a third time this September," Scheffler said in a press release in June announcing he had qualified for the team. "I will do whatever it takes to help our team reclaim the Cup and cannot wait to play in front of the passionate New York spectators at Bethpage Black."

Spaun, the reigning U.S. Open champion, is the biggest surprise of the six automatic qualifiers. He was ranked No. 112 in the world after his final start of 2024 but entered the week at No. 6 after a pair of runner-up finishes, a T-3 and, of course, his second career win at Oakmont in June. Spaun, 34, will be making his first appearance at the Ryder Cup.

It's a good thing that Schauffele earned points for his two major wins last season because otherwise he'd be hoping for a captain's pick to Keegan Bradley's team.

Schauffele, 32, struggled this season, missing the top 30 and Tour Championship for the first time this season. He was injured early this season and never had his 'A game.' Schauffele, wo is still ranked No. 3 in the world, will be making his third straight appearance on Team USA. He has a 4-4 all-time record going 3-1 at Whistling Straits but 1-3 last time in Rome.

The former Georgia Bulldog golfer is set to make his first appearance on Team USA for the Ryder Cup. Henley gained valuable experience playing in the Presidents Cup in Montreal. He teamed with Scottie Scheffler to great success and it wouldn't be a surprise to see them as partners again at Bethpage.

Henley, 36, moved into the top 6 in the U.S. points standings after winning the Arnold Palmer Invitational, his fifth career PGA Tour title, in March. Henley, ranked No. 5 in the world, surpassed $40 million in career earnings this season. He also finished T-2 at the Travelers Championship in June among nine top-10 finishes.

English, another former Georgia Bulldog golfer, returns to the U.S. squad after missing out in 2023. English had a record of 1-2 in 2021 at Whistling Straits.

English, 36, won in January at the Farmers Insurance Open and only Scottie Scheffler beat him at the PGA Championship and British Open. English, No. 7 in the world, notched 10 top 25s and made the cut in 18 of 20 starts this season.

The 2024 U.S. Open champion hung on for the sixth and final automatic spot. It is all the more impressive considering that DeChambeau, 31, only could earn points during the majors. In addition to his victory at Pinehurst No. 2, DeChambeau has recorded five more top 10s in the majors, including a pair of runner-up finishes at the PGA Championship.

DeChambeau, No. 17 in the world, will be making his third Ryder Cup appearance. He has a 2-3-1 lifetime record. He was a pick in 2018 and had an 0-3 mark. In 2021, he made the team and went 2-0-1.


11. Sweet Nostalgia Calls At The Heath Museum In Robinson

If you're like me and a big fan of candy, then you'll want to check out this unique museum in Illinois, which features a wide variety of sweet treats.

Whenever my wife and I go away on vacation, wherever our destination is, we are always looking for one kind of attraction to immediately visit. That's an old-time candy store. We just love walking through and checking out what they've got.

READ MORE: Some Of The Best Donuts In The United States Can Be Found In Illinois

It's definitely a trip back to our childhood with candies we didn't think were even available anymore. Of course, we buy a bunch of our favorites while we're there. One time, the cashier asked if we had a lot of kids. We just laughed and nodded our heads yes. Most of the items were for us.

I just found out about a place in Robinson, Illinois that were are definitely going to have to visit sometime in the near future. It's the Heath Museum and Confectionery. It sounds like so much fun. We can learn a little history about candy, plus there's a candy store there, too. We're all in.

According to Family Destinations Guide...


12. This is how your favorite sports mascots keep their cool  --  even in extreme heat - Muvi TV

It's been a summer full of heat waves, making it hard for anyone to stay cool. That's especially true for the mascots cheering on sports teams across the country wearing large, furry costumes.

The Associated Press wrote that mascots such as the Philadelphia's Phillie Phanatic, St. Louis' Fredbird and Chicago's Clark the Cub also take many breaks, are always hydrating, and make use of cooling materials and proper ventilation.

Mitch Maxine, owner of BAM! Mascots, keeps the heat in mind when designing costumes for various sports teams.

"The thing that prevents people from being hot is usually the movement of air," Maxine said to the AP. "If I make a costume, even if I make it out of very light, thin material, if I wear it in the middle of the heat, unless there's something to move air through the material and across my skin, I'm going to be hot."

BAM!, like other companies, the AP wrote, puts vents or battery-operated fans that circulate fresh air, and expel stale air and heat, from inside the costume's head. They also use lightweight fabrics that can keep moisture away and fabric screens on the eyes, mouth, nose and ears to get the people in the costume more fresh air.

One mascot has a unique way of staying fresh, even when sweating up a storm.

Tom Burgoyne, who performs as The Phillie Phanatic for the MLB team, told the AP he uses vodka and water -- though he doesn't drink it. Instead, it's to clean his uniform after long days outside.

"You put it in half-and-half, maybe a third vodka, the rest water, you put it in a squeegee bottle and you can spray your head that way," Burgoyne said.

As Straight Arrow News has previously reported, dangerous heat domes blanketed much of the United States during summer 2025. In July, the National Centers for Environmental Information wrote, the global surface temperature was 1.80°F higher than the 20th-century average. This means it was the third-warmest July since the NCEI started keeping these records in 1850. The other two warmest years were July 2024 and July 2023.

This trend of increasing temperatures is likely to continue. Scientists expect climate change to make these heat waves even hotter and more frequent.

So what can non-mascots do to prevent themselves from experiencing heat-related illnesses?

The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommend staying in air-conditioned indoor locations as much as you can during extreme heat wave; drinking plenty of fluids (even if you're not thirsty); wearing loose, lightweight and light-colored clothing as well as sunscreen when going out; taking cool showers or baths; and checking the local news for health and safety updates.


13. Rubio says Putin is 'already on the world stage,' needs to be communicated with

NEW YORK,- Russian President Vladimir Putin has been a global player for many years, so, the United States cannot but communicate with him to settle the conflict in Ukraine, US Secretary of State Marco Rubio said.

"Putin is already on the world stage," he said in an interview with ABC News. "He has the world's largest tactical nuclear arsenal in the world, and the second largest strategic nuclear arsenal in the world. He's already on the world stage."

"When I hear people say that, 'oh, it elevates him.' Well, all we do is talk about Putin all the time. All the media has done is talk about Putin all the time for the last four or five years," he noted.

"It means you're not going to have a peace agreement between Russia and Ukraine, you're not going to end a war between Russia and Ukraine without dealing with Putin. That's just common sense. I shouldn't even have to say it. So, people can say whatever they want," he added.

On August 15, a meeting between Russian and US Presidents Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump took place at a military base in Alaska. The rendezvous lasted about three hours: there was a one-on-one discussion in the American leader's limousine on the way to the main venue for the talks and a narrow "three-on-three" meeting. The Russian side was also represented by Presidential aide Yury Ushakov and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, while the American side was represented by Secretary of State Marco Rubio and Trump's special envoy Steve Witkoff.

In a statement to the press following the talks, Putin said that the settlement of the Ukrainian conflict was the main topic of the summit. The Russian leader also called for turning the page in bilateral relations and returning to cooperation, and invited Trump to Moscow. For his part, the US president announced the progress made in the talks, but noted that the parties had not managed to reach agreement.


14. Security Guarantees High On Zelenskyy's Agenda As Trump Meeting Looms

WASHINGTON -- Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, bolstered by the planned presence of key European allies, will meet President Donald Trump at the White House on August 18 in a session that could go a long way to deciding his embattled nation's future.

One of the key items on Zelenskyy's agenda in the meeting -- due to begin at 1:10 p.m. in the Oval Office -- is securing solid security guarantees from the US leader against further Russian aggression, something US leaders say is a real possibility after months of downplaying the potential.

Steve Witkoff, an envoy widely regarded as one of the key US negotiators with Moscow, suggested that Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin have agreed to provide "robust security guarantees" for Ukraine.

"We were able to win the following concession [from Putin]: That the United States could offer Article 5-like protection, which is one of the real reasons why Ukraine wants to be in NATO," Witkoff told CNN's "State of the Union" program.

"It was the first time we had ever heard the Russians agree to that," added Witkoff, calling it "game-changing."

Zelenskyy -- who has long expressed desires to join NATO or to receive meaningful security guarantees from Washington and Europe's so-called "Coalition of the Willing" -- said the issue will be upfront when he meets with Trump.

"There are no details how it will work, and what America's role will be, Europe's role will be, and what the EU can do -- and this is our main task: We need security to work in practice like Article 5 of NATO," he said, referring to the alliance's clause that states an attack on one member is considered an attack on all.

US officials have long rejected Kyiv's membership in NATO and have been reticent in the past to speak of direct security guarantees for Ukraine. Administration officials said any guarantees would be outside of NATO.

"European leaders have three key goals...to pin down more details on possible US security guarantees for Ukraine; to work on preparations for a possible trilateral meeting between Presidents Vladimir Putin, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, and Donald Trump, and to push back on the idea of "land swaps," Eurasia Group said in a note.

The White House meeting is coming after Trump met with Putin in an Alaska summit that appeared to yield little if any results but worried Kyiv and its allies over what critics perceived as a tilt by Trump back toward the Kremlin leader's position on ending the war.

Most alarming to Ukraine and its supporters have been Trump's remarks that Kyiv will have to cede territory to Russia in a "land swap," something Ukraine has long rejected.

Also concerning were Trump's comments that an immediate cease-fire -- long advocated by Washington, Kyiv, and European leaders -- was no longer the desired next step.

Instead, Trump - seemingly in line with Putin's wishes - said the sides should negotiate toward a full peace deal, which would likely take much longer and, critics say, buy Russia time to score further battlefield gains against the outmanned and outgunned Ukrainian defenders.

European leaders, many of whom held a video conference on August 17 to discuss the Ukraine war, said they will travel to Washington to support Zelenskyy during his meeting with Trump, although it was not immediately clear which sessions they would participate in.

"I will join the meeting with President Trump and other European leaders at the White House tomorrow," European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said.

Following von der Leyen's statement, a stream of European leaders, along with NATO Secretary-General Mark Rutte, also announced their plans to travel to Washington.

French President Emmanuel Macron, British Prime Minister Keir Starmer, German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni, and Finnish President Alexander Stubb, are expected to join.

"Our goal for tomorrow's talks is to present a united front between Ukraine and its European allies," Macron said.

"Do I think President Putin wants peace? The answer is no," Macron said following the video conference with fellow European leaders.

"I believe he wants Ukraine's capitulation," Macron added.

Macron and British Prime Minister Starmer, co-chairs of the "Coalition of the Willing" group, said in a joint statement that European leaders "commended President Trump's commitment to providing security guarantees to Ukraine, in which the Coalition of the Willing will play a vital role through the Multinational Force Ukraine, among other measures."

The statement reiterated Europe's "readiness to deploy a reassurance force once hostilities have ceased, and to help secure Ukraine's skies and seas and regenerate Ukraine's armed forces."

Some in the administration on August 17 played down Trump's comments about bypassing an immediate cease-fire.

US Secretary of State Marco Rubio, in comments to NBC's "Meet the Press" program, insisted that an immediate cease-fire is "not off the table."

"I think what the president said...it was agreed to by all that the best way to end this conflict is through a full peace deal."

"There's no doubt about that...Now, whether there needs to be a cease-fire on the way there, well, we've advocated for that. Unfortunately, the Russians as of now have not agreed to that."

Rubio told CBS that the details of the negotiations to end the war must be decided by the two belligerents, not by Washington.

"The United States is not in a position to accept anything or reject anything, because ultimately, it's up to the Ukrainians. They're the ones that Russia has to make peace with, Ukraine with Russia," Rubio said.


15. Zedcor Inc. Announces Restricted Share Unit Grant

Calgary, Alberta--(Newsfile Corp. - August 17, 2025) - Zedcor Inc. (TSXV: ZDC) (the "Company" or "Zedcor") announces that on August 14, 2025, 60,000 Restricted Share Units (RSUs) were granted to employees of the Company pursuant to the Company's fixed 10% RSU/DSU plan and will expire three years from the date of grant. The RSUs will vest as to one third thereof on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the date of grant.

About Zedcor Inc.

Zedcor Inc. is disrupting the traditional physical security industry through its proprietary MobileyeZTM security towers by providing turnkey and customized mobile surveillance and live monitoring solutions to blue-chip customers across North America. The Company continues to expand its established platform of MobileyeZ towers in Canada and the United States, with emphasis on industry leading service levels, data-supported efficiency outcomes, and continued innovation. Zedcor services the Canadian market through equipment and service centers currently located in British Columbia, Alberta, Manitoba, and Ontario. The Company continues to advance its U.S. expansion which now has the capacity to service markets throughout the Midwest and West Coast with locations throughout Texas and in Denver, Colorado, Phoenix, Arizona and Las Vegas, Nevada.

For further information contact:

Todd Ziniuk

Chief Executive Officer

P: (403) 930-5430

E: tziniuk@zedcor.comAmin Ladha

Chief Financial Officer

P: (403) 930-5430

E: aladha@zedcor.com

Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.

To view the source version of this press release, please visit https://www.newsfilecorp.com/release/262801

SOURCE: Zedcor Inc.

© 2025 Newsfile Corp.


16. The Left Calls ICE Agents Today's Slave Catchers | Frontpage Mag

[Craving even more FPM content? Sign up for FPM+ to unlock exclusive series, virtual town-halls with our authors, and more. Click here to sign up.]

There are no bounds to leftwing progressives' Trump Derangement Syndrome. They are triggered by virtually everything that President Trump does, especially by the hard line he is taking to strictly enforce the nation's immigration laws.

Some pro-illegal immigration fanatics have even compared enforcement of the immigration laws to enforcement of the Fugitive Slave Law in the 1850s. According to proponents of this bizarre theory, ICE agents are today's version of the pre-Civil War slave catchers. In their minds, militants who obstruct ICE agents from apprehending criminally violent illegal immigrants for deportation are heroes just like the abolitionists who tried to rescue runaway slaves from being recaptured and returned to their lives of servitude.

For example, MSNBC contributor and Princeton University professor Dr. Eddie Glaude accused Trump supporters of enjoying seeing ICE agents act like "slave catchers" as they carry out their law enforcement duties.

Garrett Epps, the legal affairs editor at the Washington Monthly, wrote that "The federal government is now committed to treating immigrants almost precisely as the antebellum South treated slaves."

Charles M. Blow, an MSNBC analyst and former New York Times op-ed columnist, claimed that "the visual echo between today's ICE raiders and yesterday's slave catchers is eerie."

Newark's Democrat Mayor Ras Baraka said last spring that "black folks" have "come from a whole lot of undocumented people." In an obvious allusion to the Left's slave catcher comparison, Mayor Baraka added, "And if they knew you didn't have your papers, you going back to the plantation. They have people chasing, catching you. It wasn't called ICE then."

The World Socialist Web Site (WSWS ), the self-described online publication of the world Trotskyist movement, the International Committee of the Fourth International, and its affiliated sections in the Socialist Equality Parties, minced no words:

"The US and global population is currently witnessing vicious raids carried out by heavily armed Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents and various other organs of state repression. These agents are the widely despised 'slave catchers' of our time, directed by the would-be dictator Donald Trump."

U.S. District Court Judge Trina Thompson, a Biden appointee, used the slavery analogy when she ordered the interim suspension of the Trump administration's planned elimination of Temporary Protected Status (TPS) for over 60,000 migrants from Honduras, Nicaragua and Nepal. In addition to playing the race card against the Trump administration, the judge shamelessly compared ending TPS for migrants from these three countries to the transatlantic slave trade!

Judge Thompson wrote that "The Court recognizes that the United States has a long history of transporting individuals against their will, to places unfamiliar to them, and for the purposes of trade. For example, the United States was an active participant in the transatlantic slave trade which uprooted individuals in Africa and brought them to this continent."

Judge Thompson seems to have forgotten about the word "temporary" in the name of the immigration program that she is perpetrating - Temporary Protected Status. (Emphasis added) To equate the Trump administration's decision not to further extend this temporary protection from deportation for a group of migrants with the transatlantic slave trade is judicial malpractice.

The truth is that the real slave traders and slave masters controlling many illegal immigrants' lives today are the human traffickers who exact their pound of flesh as payment for smuggling illegal immigrants into the United States. Mexican cartels and other criminal organizations force their illegal immigrant targets into prostitution, involuntary labor, and other forms of servitude.

ICE is working to disrupt and dismantle such human trafficking criminal organizations. Moreover, ICE's strict enforcement of the immigration laws, coupled with the Trump administration's closing of the border, are significantly diminishing the human traffickers' profit opportunities by deterring would-be migrants from seeking to enter the U.S. illegally.

Slave catchers served the economic interests of slave owners who regarded the escaped slaves as their private property. Slave catchers did so by tracking down the escapees who had yearned to be free from the shackles of slavery and returning these poor souls to their self-declared owners.

By contrast, ICE agents are serving the American people by protecting them from dangerous individuals who had no business being in the United States in the first place. ICE agents are doing so by prioritizing the apprehension of illegal immigrants with violent criminal records so that they can be detained and then expeditiously deported to their home countries or to third countries willing to accept them.

In short, accusing ICE agents of being today's version of the slave catchers of the mid-1800s is pure leftwing demagoguery. And U.S. District Court Judge Trina Thompson's TPS ruling comparing termination of Temporary Protected Status for some migrants to the transatlantic slave trade demonstrates once again an out-of-control, progressive judicial activist who does not belong on the bench.


17. This is how your favorite sports mascots keep their cool  --  even in extreme heat

When it comes to stopping the sweat smell that can come with heavy uniforms, the Phanatic says he uses vodka and water in a squeegee bottle.

It's been a summer full of heat waves, making it hard for anyone to stay cool. That's especially true for the mascots cheering on sports teams across the country wearing large, furry costumes.

The Associated Press wrote that mascots such as the Philadelphia's Phillie Phanatic, St. Louis' Fredbird and Chicago's Clark the Cub also take many breaks, are always hydrating, and make use of cooling materials and proper ventilation.

Mitch Maxine, owner of BAM! Mascots, keeps the heat in mind when designing costumes for various sports teams.

"The thing that prevents people from being hot is usually the movement of air," Maxine said to the AP. "If I make a costume, even if I make it out of very light, thin material, if I wear it in the middle of the heat, unless there's something to move air through the material and across my skin, I'm going to be hot."

BAM!, like other companies, the AP wrote, puts vents or battery-operated fans that circulate fresh air, and expel stale air and heat, from inside the costume's head. They also use lightweight fabrics that can keep moisture away and fabric screens on the eyes, mouth, nose and ears to get the people in the costume more fresh air.

One mascot has a unique way of staying fresh, even when sweating up a storm.

Tom Burgoyne, who performs as The Phillie Phanatic for the MLB team, told the AP he uses vodka and water -- though he doesn't drink it. Instead, it's to clean his uniform after long days outside.

"You put it in half-and-half, maybe a third vodka, the rest water, you put it in a squeegee bottle and you can spray your head that way," Burgoyne said.

As Straight Arrow News has previously reported, dangerous heat domes blanketed much of the United States during summer 2025. In July, the National Centers for Environmental Information wrote, the global surface temperature was 1.80°F higher than the 20th-century average. This means it was the third-warmest July since the NCEI started keeping these records in 1850. The other two warmest years were July 2024 and July 2023.

This trend of increasing temperatures is likely to continue. Scientists expect climate change to make these heat waves even hotter and more frequent.

So what can non-mascots do to prevent themselves from experiencing heat-related illnesses?

The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommend staying in air-conditioned indoor locations as much as you can during extreme heat wave; drinking plenty of fluids (even if you're not thirsty); wearing loose, lightweight and light-colored clothing as well as sunscreen when going out; taking cool showers or baths; and checking the local news for health and safety updates.


18. Working out at any age

Dick Davis has a twinkle in his eye when he says, with relish, of his wife Mildred, "She's my sidekick. She's a superwoman." For decades, Mildred Davis has not only been his constant companion but his gym partner, a commitment and ritual that have been important parts of their marriage and sustained their well-being. The commitment to staying so active remains in the ninth decade of their lives.

Conversations with Richard "Dick" and Mildred reflect what they hold dear - family, faith, memories of travel, especially to Ireland (the place of Mildred's roots), and their lifelong love of physical activity and sports. Dick cites several places where he and Mildred have lived - Lake Katrine, Hyde Park, and other spots in the Hudson Valley, and Wilmington, North Carolina. No matter where they have lived, the gym and recreation facilities have been their go-to places.

From the time Mildred married Dick in 1961, after she migrated from Ireland in 1960, to now, the two have shared a mantra: "We just keep moving all the time," Dick says. This refers to the various homes and places they have lived. It also describes their lifelong embrace of exercise and sports.

Moreover, they have not let up. As Dick turns 89 this year and Mildred 87, they keep up the steady dedication to exercise that they possess and have shared for more than six decades.

As each has done their whole lives, they still do vigorous exercise. These days, the couple goes three times a week to the Planet Fitness gym in Kingston. The gym time has been their regular routine, and "it has been that way for years," according to Dick. "I mix it up," Dick explains of his exercise approach. His routine can include doing weights, leg lifts, and cardio for about an hour-and-a-half. "I'm the oldest guy in the gym," he observes with a smile. He also works out at home.

For Mildred Davis, exercise at the gym and sports have been integral for a long time. "I've done the gym my whole life," she says, with pride. At Planet Fitness these days, she does the exercise bicycles and weights.

For both Davises, their gym visits are important and provide much pleasure, something they wouldn't think of doing without. "I like the whole thing," he says, "You could spend your day in the gym."

The enthusiasm comes naturally to the Davises from nurturing this passion all their lives. Dick worked at IBM in Poughkeepsie and Kingston for 36 years, until 1991, in a variety of jobs related to production and manufacturing. The job enabled him to work out at the country club that included a full gym, recreational facilities, swimming pools, bowling alleys, tennis courts, and much more. Dick and Mildred took full advantage. He also was an avid bicyclist; regularly played softball and bowled; and loves to swim.

Mildred has loved and played various sports, particularly many types of racquet sports - "you name it, I have played it," she says, listing tennis, racquetball, table tennis, handball and indoor badminton (played indoors in Ireland and elsewhere on a high competitive level). Their home contains trophies from her competing and winning. She enjoyed the fast pace of these sports. In addition to her playing racquet sports of all kinds, Mildred regularly biked 125 miles a week. She recalls how she would start in Hyde Park, and bike over to New Paltz and up the Shawangunk Ridge to Minnewaska State Park, and then back to Poughkeepsie. She still logs some 12 to 14 miles on the bicycle during a gym visit.

As Dick and Mildred talk, they exhibit a deft volley of another kind, the verbal back-and-forth of a couple together since the early 1960s. Mildred emigrated in 1960 from Northern Ireland. Her family came from Kilkeel, a fishing village on the Irish seacoast. She was one of 10 children. Dick, of Welsh background, grew up in Watertown, N.Y., one of five children.

"I came to this country, and I didn't know anything," Mildred recalls. She worked as a waitress for many years. Dick, who met her in 1961, a year after she came to the U.S., concurs about how unknown the United States was to Mildred, saying, "She was as green as can be." The two take delight in telling the stories of just how new things were to Mildred. When a customer ordered a shrimp cocktail, Mildred went to the restaurant's bar to ask for it, thinking it was a drink. When another customer asked for a screwdriver, Mildred said she was puzzled: "What on earth did he want with a screwdriver in a restaurant?" She did not know what a pizza was, nor was she eager to eat a slice of it then.

They married in November of 1961. The couple was keenly aware of the difficulties and violence between Protestants and Catholics in Northern Ireland during the time of Mildred moving here - and of changes to the region over time. "When we were dating, if I had been a Catholic, she couldn't have dated me," says Dick of that era. "I was raised a Methodist." He remembers a time when the two were in Northern Ireland, and someone blew up a bus in the vicinity, saying, "It felt like an earthquake." Finally, Catholics and Protestants in Northern Ireland negotiated the Good Friday Agreement, signed in 1998, that brought an end to decades of conflict known as the Troubles.

No matter whether they were home or abroad, the Davises kept up their physical activities. When they talk of their visits to Kilkeel over the years to visit family, for instance, the Davises describe an excellent gym located there. The Kilkeel Leisure Centre has a heated swimming pool, where Dick swam daily. It features a moving floor that allows its swimming depth to be adjusted.

While they appreciate the stories of their past, their roots, and their experiences, the Davises are very anchored in the present and appreciate each day. "Life is so good. We have a wonderful family," Mildred says with a smile. "They enjoy being together with their son and daughter, and their spouses, and grandchildren. Their rituals are simple after the gym. They go to Starbucks where Dick reads the New York Post and Mildred does sudoku. "I read the newspaper every day," he says. "You're never too old to learn."

Their commitment to both physical and mental activity remains very strong and intentional. "Some people figure that at a certain age, they're going to sit," Mildred says, adding later, "Age is a state of mind. You can be old if you want to be."

Each sees nothing grand in their gym routines and commitment to active lives. However it is central to who they are and what they share. As Dick says, "You just keep moving forward."


19. Trump Administration Considers Immigration Ban on Muslim Brotherhood and Other Islamic Groups | Frontpage Mag

[Craving even more FPM content? Sign up for FPM+ to unlock exclusive series, virtual town-halls with our authors, and more. Click here to sign up.]

No other government but the Trump administration would be likely to venture into the highly complicated arena of Muslim Brotherhood infiltration of the West. "Trump Administration Weighing Immigration Ban on Members of Islamic Extremist Groups," by Neil Munro, Breitbart, August 13, 2025:

Top Trump administration officials are drafting plans to restrict both temporary visits and legal immigration by Muslims affiliated with the revolutionary Muslim Brotherhood and other extremist groups.

"We are taking a new look at sections within the INA [Immigration and Nationality Act] that have never been used before to really get a better sense of who these applicants are, and then we'll be able to assess" what can be done to exclude militant Muslims, said Joe Edlow, director of the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services agency.

"We've got to make sure that [would-be immigrants] do not espouse ideology that is incredibly detrimental to the safety and security of this country," he told Breitbart News on Monday.

Officials are preparing to apply the terrorist label to some Islamic groups linked to the sprawling Muslim Brotherhood movement, Secretary of State Marco Rubio told radio host Sid Rosenberg on Tuesday. "All of that is in the works -- obviously, there are different branches of the Muslim Brotherhood, so you'd have to designate each one of them."...

The Breitbart article also points out that "the group, largely led by Muslim university graduates living in Europe and the United States, is suppressed by nearly all Arab countries." Yet it operates freely in Western countries.

It is critical to recall the unindicted co-conspirators that were listed in America's largest terrorism funding trial in history, the Holy Land Foundation trial. The list identifies: individuals/entities who are and/or were members of the US Muslim Brotherhood, individuals/entities who are and/or were members of the US Muslim Brotherhood's Palestine Committee and/or its organizations, and individuals/entities who are and/or were members of the Palestine Section of the International Muslim Brotherhood. There are many others listed as well. Read the full list HERE, as published by the Investigative Project. Note that the powerful lobby, the Hamas-linked Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) is identified under "individuals/entities who are and/or were members of the US Muslim Brotherhood's Palestine Committee and/or its organizations."

Recall also Biden's pact with the Muslim Brotherhood-linked group EMGAGE, and his conundrum over the Hamas' war on Israel. In early 2020, the organization Emgage launched its Million Muslim Votes campaign in order to galvanize a million Muslim Americans to vote for Joe Biden in the 2020 presidential election. Emgage's website stated: "The MMV campaign was our celebration and a reflection of our determination to build elections as a vehicle of change for our community's political will." The organization reportedly had spectacular success in uniting Muslim voters, who turned out in unprecedented numbers in key battleground states, including Michigan and Pennsylvania. Emgage ultimately boasted that "in 2020 we helped turnout 1,087,086 registered Muslim voters. And we're just getting started." Emgage and Biden shook hands in a pact, in which each made promises to the other.

As Israel battled Hamas following October 7, Frank Gaffney wrote that Biden:

engaged in outreach to one of his core constituencies: the Muslim Brotherhood. He met privately with five so-called 'American Arab and Muslim leaders' including: Minnesota Attorney General Keith Ellison; Wa'el Alzayat of Emgage, a political mobilization operation; and interfaith influence-operator Imam Mohamed Magid.' Each has personal and/or organizational associations with the Brotherhood, a group whose Palestinian franchise, Hamas, perpetrated the horrific jihadist attack on Israel on October 7th.

Meanwhile, many American offshoots of Muslim Brotherhood-linked groups operate inside Canada with significant influence. Robert Spencer stated in 2023: "It's the same story all over, only in Canada the project is more advanced." This is an important fact given Canada's shared border, double that of the US-Mexican border. In Canada, there have been considerable efforts by Muslim groups to fight investigations by the Canada Revenue Agency and present queries about money flows as "Islamophobic." For instance, last November, the Canada Revenue Agency raised concerns about the self-declared Muslim Brotherhood links of the Muslim Association of Canada.

In 2022, the Muslim Association of Canada asked a court "to halt a federal audit of its activities as a registered charity, alleging the probe is discriminatory and violates its charter rights."

Focus on Western Islamism also reported on this. Remember, the National Council of Canadian Muslims (NCCM) was formerly named CAIR-CAN, and is an offshoot of CAIR.

An Islamist organization in Canada has obstructed the enforcement of anti-terror finance laws imposed after 9/11 and has convinced government officials to direct public funds to support Islamist-directed projects in the country. In particular, the organization has made liberal use of the "Islamophobia" charge to hinder investigations into Muslim nonprofit organizations accused of funding terror operations in the Middle East.

The organization in question, the National Council of Canadian Muslims, demonstrated its influence in 2017 when it drove Christine Douglass-Williams from her post on the Board of Directors of the Canadian Race Relations Foundation. Douglass-Williams, who was ousted from her post after the NCCM complained about her writings for Jihad Watch, said elected officials are unlikely to stand up to the NCCM for fear of being called "Islamophobic."

Breitbart continues:

The Brotherhood has spawned a vast array of related groups for particular purposes, both legal and illegal. These offshoots include terror groups such as Hamas, charities for Muslim causes, advocacy centers such as mosques, as well as fundraising, pro-migration, and political groups.

So far, Western governments have done little to stop Islamic migration or the spread of the Muslim Brotherhood in their countries.

The leftist-Islamic alliance has employed the powerful "Islamophobia" subterfuge, which has served it well to shut down criticisms of Islam. The open-borders policies of leftist governments have also enabled an invasion of Sharia-adherent Muslims throughout Western countries, including the North American continent.

Sharia-supporting Muslims invariably support the central cause of the Muslim ummah, as declared by the Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC): the Palestinian "resistance." They are encouraged and emboldened by powerful Islamic lobbies, which were identified in the Holy Land Foundation trial for their connections to the Muslim Brotherhood and its offshoot Hamas.

According to the Explanatory Memorandum on the General Strategic Goal for the Brotherhood in North America...

The process of settlement is a "Civilization-Jihadist Proecess" with all the word means. The Ikhwan must understand that their work in America is a kind of grand Jihad in eliminating and destroying the Western civilization from within and "sabotaging" its miserable house by their hands and the hands of the believers so that it is eliminated and God's religion is made victorious over all other religions. Without this level of understanding, we are not up to this challenge and have not prepared ourselves for Jihad yet. It is a Muslim's destiny to perform Jihad and work wherever he is and wherever he lands until the final hour comes, and there is no escape from that destiny except for those who chose to slack. But, would the slackers and the Mujahedeen be equal.

As for Europe, as the Breitbart report notes:

Paris intelligence said that after facing pushback in the Islamic world in the middle of the last century, the Egypt-founded Muslim Brotherhood turned its sights on Europe, initially in countries like the UK, Germany, and Switzerland and later spreading to Belgium, Italy, and France in a bid to restart the Islamic "Western conquest strategy." Muslim Brotherhood founder Hassan al-Banna is cited as having then said: "We will pursue this evil force to its own lands, invade its Western heartland and fight to defeat it until the whole world cries out in the name of the Prophet."....

Despite Paris' intelligence, the president of France, Emmanuel Macron, has served as little more than a Muslim Brotherhood stooge as he sets his sights on targeting Israel in the midst of Israel's war on Hamas. As the tiny Jewish state battles for its very survival, Macron has said that European countries "should 'harden' their position on Israel, and that recognizing a Palestinian state, with some conditions, was 'a moral duty.'"

The leftist-Islamic alliance is now thoroughly embedded in governments all over the Western world, even as Trump now seeks to confront the Muslim Brotherhood in restricting temporary visits and legal immigration by Muslims affiliated with the group. It is only a beginning, but one that is necessary to begin to confront this problem that has been left to fester all over the Western world. The group is also well versed in Western laws and lawfare, and so it is an arduous process to confront its operatives. Certainly the Holy Land Foundation trial was a beginning. As Andrew McCarthy, lead prosecutor in the Holy Land Foundation trial, says:

Much has been made of an appeals-court decision to expunge references to several U.S. Muslim groups from a list of unindicted co-conspirators in a terrorism-financing case. Too much, in fact.

It was never about the list. It was about what evidence unmistakably tells us: The Muslim Brotherhood and its American satellites are working to undermine the United States from within and to destroy Israel by any possible means, including terrorism. The Brotherhood can hide the list. After all, we should never have seen it in the first place. They can't hide the evidence -- no matter how much help they get from their friends in and out of government. That bell can't be unrung.

As Marco Rubio and Joe Edlow, director of the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services agency, state: "officials must protect Americans' legal rights as they try to constrain the Brotherhood's revolutionary political movement."

Rubio stated that designating the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization is "also in the works." He noted the challenges of the process, "such as having to designate each branch of the Muslim Brotherhood individually." He also stated that "terrorist designations could be challenged in court, and there was an internal procedure for documenting and justifying the decision."

To complicate matters, leftist leaders and their supporters throughout the West have betrayed their countries in the service of a woke politically correct agenda, manipulated and exploited by Muslim Brotherhood operatives.

We wish the Trump administration every success in confronting this mammoth Islamic force.


20. This New Jersey city is the most overworked in the country

"It just seems so useless to have to work so hard and nothin' ever really seems to come from it."

Those lyrics from Tom Petty probably ring more true today than in the 1970s. Employees are pushed to do more work with less support across many industries today.

A study was done to find which cities across the United States were working the hardest. Not sure if this is something we want to be number one in, but the city that is the most overworked in the entire country is one right here in New Jersey.

-- Percentage of workers who work 50 or more weeks per year

-- Percentage of households with two or more working people

-- Percentage of people working past retirement age (65+)

-- Google Trends search volume for "side hustle jobs" per 100,000 residents.

Or at least a serious nap. Jersey City was ranked No. 1 in being overworked. Factors that sank us? Second-longest commute time at 37.48 minutes.

Of the nation's 50 most overworked cities, Jersey City was also second in percentage of workers putting in 50 hours or more per week. 69.43% of workers in Chilltown are working that many hours, and that doesn't sound like a lot of time left to chill.

All things considered, Jersey City is the hardest-working city in the country. And it seems so useless to have to work so hard, and nothing ever really seems to come from it.


💰 FINANCIAL SECTOR UPDATES
----------------------------------------

1. [Finlight] Amid telco shake-up, can Singtel rely on customer loyalty to stay ahead?

SINGAPORE: As Singapore’s telecom sector enters a period of consolidation, one player has stayed noticeably quiet.

Earlier this week, Keppel announced plans to sell M1’s telecom operations to Simba Telecom, while StarHub confirmed its full acquisition of MyRepublic’s broadband business.

But Singtel – the market leader and the oldest telco in the country – has made no similar moves.

Business and brand analysts told CNA this is because it does not need to. Singtel's diversified business model and strong brand loyalty – including among younger customers who may not care about the company's legacy – give it the flexibility to sit out a domestic reshuffle.

“Singtel as a business is in a different class compared to the other telcos such as StarHub and M1,” said tech industry observer Oo Gin Lee.

Only about 27 per cent of Singtel’s revenue comes from Singapore. The rest is spread across investments in Australia, India, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, he said.

Associate Professor Hyeokkoo Eric Kwon of Nanyang Technological University (NTU) said he expects Singtel to avoid price wars and instead deepen its push into enterprise solutions and data-centre services.

“It has no urgent need for domestic mergers and acquisitions and will probably focus on execution as rivals digest recent moves,” he said.

Mr Oo added that anti-competition concerns could also make acquisitions difficult for a firm of Singtel’s scale.

Singtel Singapore CEO Ng Tian Chong told CNA that the company is investing in infrastructure, products and services to support both customers and the broader economy.

“As needs and industries evolve, we’ll continue to adapt, innovate and deliver experiences that matter to both our consumers and enterprises,” he said.

“It’s this agile mindset and forward-looking approach that has kept us relevant over the years, earning the trust and loyalty of our customers.”

FIRST-MOVER ADVANTAGE

Singtel’s early dominance has helped it build significant barriers to entry, with extensive infrastructure and network coverage, said Ms Shirley Tee, deputy director for industry and innovation at Nanyang Polytechnic’s School of Business Management.

“The company's first-mover advantage has allowed it to establish a robust customer base and develop deep relationships with both consumers and enterprises,” she said.

Mr Pulse Tan, principal consultant at Ninety One Branding and Marketing, also pointed to Singtel’s head start as its biggest advantage.

“When they were the only brand in town, they provided affordable and reliable services and earned that early brand loyalty,” he said. “That early trust still sticks, especially with boomers and Gen X who’ve been with Singtel since day one.”

While Singtel's services may not be the cheapest, the firm commands "emotional loyalty" by providing a sense of safety and peace of mind, said Singapore University of Social Sciences business school’s Associate Professor Lau Kong Cheen.

Still, loyalty alone is not enough, said Mr Lee Haoming, CEO of brand consultancy Louken Group.

“Customers’ needs change with the times, shaped by new technologies, shifting lifestyles and evolving expectations. A brand that stands still will eventually lose relevance, no matter how loyal its base once was,” he said.


2. [Finlight] 'Game-changing': Steve Witkoff lauds Trump for 'successful' Putin summit; proposes security guarantees for Ukraine

Despite failing to secure a ceasefire during the Alaska summit with Vladimir Putin, the White House achieved a significant breakthrough, according to Middle East Envoy Steve Witkoff. The agreement on "Article 5-like protections" for Ukraine is considered a game-changer. While no follow-up meeting was planned, discussions marked the first time the US has seen meaningful accommodation from Russia.


3. [Finlight] Why Amazon’s (AMZN) Diversification Strategy Keeps It on Wall Street’s Radar

Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) is one of the AI Stocks Investors Are Watching Right Now. On August 13, Telsey analyst Joseph Feldman reiterated an Outperform rating on the stock with a $265.00 price target.

The rating affirmation comes as Amazon continues to leverage its substantial $670 billion annual revenue base to expand market share.

"TAG View: Overall, this expansion to offer same-day delivery of perishable groceries creates a one-stop shop for an array of customer needs. Importantly, we believe this is a strong move for Amazon, deepening relationships with and share of wallet among its Prime member customers, as well as positioning the company to compete better with other leaders in the grocery space.."

This expansion builds on Amazon’s strength and positions it better against its grocery competitors. The firm also believes that the tech giant can leverage its Prime membership base, small business relationships, and technological advantages to continue gaining market share.

Some major growth opportunities further lie in grocery, private brands, pharmacy, logistics, and generative AI. These areas can make the company more valuable in the future.

"TAG Thesis: Broadly, Amazon should continue to gain market share by leveraging its sticky Prime member base, small business relationships, and technological edge. Amazon's ability to fuel key growth opportunities—grocery, private brands, pharmacy, logistics, and generative AI—should make it more valuable. The solid growth and profitability of AWS and advertising should continue to outperform and support Retail. We maintain our Outperform rating and 12-month price target of $265, which is based on applying an EV/EBITDA multiple of ~15x to our 2026 EBITDA estimate of ~$193B."

Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) is an American technology company offering e-commerce, cloud computing, and other services, including digital streaming and artificial intelligence solutions.

While we acknowledge the potential of AMZN as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 10 Must-Watch AI Stocks on Wall Street and 10 AI Stocks Making Headlines This Week.

Disclosure: None.


4. [Finlight] Citi Reiterates Buy on Microsoft (MSFT), Calls It a Top Software Pick

Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is one of the AI Stocks Investors Are Watching Right Now. One of the biggest analyst calls on August 14 was for Microsoft. Citi reiterated the stock as “Buy” stating the tech giant remains a top idea at the firm.

"MSFT remains a top pick in software, and we believe this week's announcement is another indication of the company's strong pricing power, which we believed combined with accelerating cloud/AI share gains can drive outsized returns."

Analysts on Wall Street currently have a consensus “Buy” rating on the stock. The average price target of $631 implies a 20.65% upside; however, the Street-high target of $700 implies an upside of 33.7%.

Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) provides AI-powered cloud, productivity, and business solutions, focusing on efficiency, security, and AI advancements.

While we acknowledge the potential of MSFT as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 10 Must-Watch AI Stocks on Wall Street and 10 AI Stocks Making Headlines This Week.

Disclosure: None.


5. [Finlight] Piper Sandler Raises NVIDIA (NVDA) Price Target to $225 Ahead of Earnings

NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) is one of the AI Stocks Investors Are Watching Right Now. On August 13, Piper Sandler analyst Harsh Kumar raised the price target on the stock to $225.00 (from $180.00) while maintaining an Overweight rating.

The rating affirmation comes ahead of Nvidia’s upcoming quarterly report, with Piper Sandler anticipating another positive quarter from the chipmaker.

The firm’s optimistic outlook is supported by positive commentary from US hyperscalers. It also highlighted how current estimates do not yet reflect anticipated revenue from China.

"We are expecting another positive quarter from NVDA and see upside to numbers for both the July and October quarters. While we are modeling largely in-line for the July quarter and slightly below Street for October, we are calling for upside given the recent positive commentary from U.S. hyperscalers as well as the inclusion of revenues from China. "

NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) specializes in AI-driven solutions, offering platforms for data centers, self-driving cars, robotics, and cloud services.

While we acknowledge the potential of NVDA as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 10 Must-Watch AI Stocks on Wall Street and 10 AI Stocks Making Headlines This Week.

Disclosure: None.


6. [Finlight] Wall Street Remains Bullish on Apple (AAPL) Amid AI Upside and Resilient Earnings

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is one of the AI Stocks Investors Are Watching Right Now. On August 13, Bank of America reiterated its bullish stance on Dell and Apple in a note to clients.

The firm cited early-stage artificial intelligence adoption and a pending PC refresh cycle as key drivers for the sector.

Particularly for Apple, it maintained a Buy rating, pointing to “resilient earnings, strong capital returns and optionality to monetize incremental avenues of growth.”

Wall Street Remains Bullish on Apple (AAPL) Amid AI Upside and Resilient Earnings

Pixabay/Public Domain

Analysts on Wall Street have a consensus Buy rating on the stock. The average price target of $240 implies a 3.2% upside; however, the Street-high target of $275 implies an upside of 18.3%.

Apple is a technology company known for its consumer electronics, software, and services.

While we acknowledge the potential of AAPL as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 10 Must-Watch AI Stocks on Wall Street and 10 AI Stocks Making Headlines This Week.

Disclosure: None.


7. [Finlight] Huge crowds gather in Israel calling for hostage deal and end to Gaza war

Huge crowds gather in Israel calling for hostage deal and end to Gaza war

Just now Share Save Asya Robins BBC News Share Save

Getty Images "Hostages Square" on Sunday in Tel Aviv

Hundreds of thousands of people have gathered in Israel to call for an end to the Gaza war and a deal to secure the release of hostages held by Hamas. The largest crowd was seen in Tel Aviv's "Hostages Square" on Sunday, with the organisers saying the government's plans to seize control of Gaza City risked the lives of around 20 hostages still being held by Hamas. A one-day national strike - part of wider protests - closed roads, offices and universities in some areas. Nearly 40 people were arrested during the day. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu criticised the protests, saying they would "harden Hamas's stance" and would only slow down the release of the hostages.

Watch: Protesters block Israeli road demanding hostage deal and war end

Far-right Israeli minister Bezalel Smotrich also denounced the protests, describing them as a "harmful campaign that plays into the hands of Hamas". The national strike was demanded by the families of hostages and others opposed to the expansion of the war. Einav Zangauker, mother of hostage Matan and a leading figure in the Hostage and Missing Families Forum, said the group demanded "a comprehensive and achievable agreement and an end to the war". "We demand what is rightfully ours - our children," she told the crowd in Tel Aviv. "The Israeli government has transformed a just war into a pointless war." She was speaking after a video was released of her son. "My heart burns with longing. My whole heart is scorched because of my Matan. Matan, I, an entire nation, we are doing everything we can for you, for all the hostages," she said. The protests came a week after Israel's war cabinet voted to occupy Gaza City, the territory's largest city, and displace its population, in a move condemned by the UN Security Council. Thousands of residents have since fled Gaza City's southern Zeitoun neighbourhood, where days of continuous Israeli bombardment have created a "catastrophic" situation, the city's Hamas-run municipality told the BBC.

Reuters Protesters filled main roads on the way to Hostages Square in Tel Aviv

At least 40 people were killed by Israeli attacks across the territory on Saturday, Gaza's civil defence agency said. Hamas said in a statement that Israeli forces had been carrying out a "sustained offensive in the eastern and southern neighbourhoods of Gaza City, particularly in Zeitoun". The Israeli military said it would begin allowing tents to be brought into Gaza by aid agencies again. "As part of the preparations to move the population from combat zones to the southern Gaza Strip for their protection, the supply of tents and shelter equipment to Gaza will resume," the Israeli military body Cogat said.

Getty Images Protesters block a road in Tel Aviv


8. [Finlight] 4 Ways To Scam-Proof Yourself When Getting Into Crypto Investing

Though you scroll through investing news on your phone every morning, checking the stocks as you stir your coffee, you’ve been a little leery of crypto. You’ve heard a lot of hubbub about people being taken advantage of, or outright scammed. Yet, you’re even more leery of leaving money on the table. And at this point, you know that crypto is here to stay. Time to get started — but safely, of course.

Check Out: 13 Cheap Cryptocurrencies With the Highest Potential Upside for You

Read Next: 5 Types of Cars Retirees Should Stay Away From Buying

Fortunately, there are ways to start investing in cryptocurrencies that can limit your risk of being scammed. GOBankingRates chatted with some experts to find out more how you can dip your toe into crypto investing without getting taken away by the current of fraud.

Look For Well-Established Projects

As the co-founder of the crypto growth platform Galxe, Charles Wayn knows how to spot solid crypto projects. His biggest tip for anyone looking to invest in a crypto project is to find one with a large, active and well-established community around it.

The same high standards you’d apply to any other company you’d invest in — like the quality of the products and projects, its track record of success, as well as the reputation of its leadership — are also applicable to cryptocurrencies.

“Reputation and credibility are as important in crypto as anywhere else; as is what the project itself does, the utility and value it’s offering, and its track record in terms of business operations and leadership,” he said. “In short, a good crypto project is not unlike a good company or a quality product and will pass all the same levels of consideration and due diligence.”

Be Aware: Suze Orman: 3 Biggest Mistakes You Can Make as an Investor

Watch Out for Red Flags

What is that old saying about wearing rose-colored glasses? Oh yeah, they keep you from seeing the red flags. According to Brian McGleenon, crypto expert and global head of news at BeInCrypto, people who fear missing out on the biggest, most exciting opportunities — and not doing their due diligence — risk putting on those rose-colored glasses.

So, what red flags might they miss? McGleenon said to be aware of things like anonymous founders, unrealistic yields and poor website quality — which should immediately raise your suspicion.

“If it feels too good to be true, it probably is,” he said.

Nic Adams, co-founder and CEO of 0rcus, a cybersecurity firm, concurred with these red flags, and added a few of his own. He wants beginners to be skeptical of opportunities that promise high returns with little or no risk, which he calls “a foundational fallacy in financial markets.”


9. [Finlight] Evercore Maintains Bullish Stance on Palo Alto (PANW) as Investors Look Past CyberArk Deal

Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ:PANW) is one of the AI Stocks Investors Are Watching Right Now. On August 12, Evercore ISI analyst Peter Levine reiterated an Outperform rating on the stock with a $220.00 price target.

According to the firm, investors are expected to focus primarily on Palo Alto Networks’ initial fiscal year 2026 guidance. There is going to be less emphasis on the pending Cyberark acquisition, which is unlikely to receive significant commentary at this stage.

Evercore ISI also expects FY26 guidance to come in slightly below Wall Street estimates. However, this has already been signaled and won’t be surprising. Investor sentiment remains muted, but the firm holds its optimistic outlook toward the stock.

"In terms of expectations for the FY26 guide, we took down our FY rev from 13.7% to 12.3%. With PANW tempering expectations over the course of the quarter, a below-consensus FY26 guide would be in line with recent signaling/should not come as a surprise. In terms of the quarter, sentiment appears more subdued relative to prior quarters, reflecting the modest revenue and ARR guide upside observed so far in FY25. "

Evercore Maintains Bullish Stance on Palo Alto Networks (PANW) as Investors Look Past CyberArk Deal

A financial analyst poring through documents and data, seeking an edge in the market.

"Recent investor conversations show low conviction and no clear bogey, as top-line beats have averaged just 1% in F1Q–F3Q. A 15% top-line print would likely suffice. We would expect product upside, supported by stronger product results from both CHKP & FTNT. From an NGS ARR lens, the bogey stands at ~32.5% y/y, or $500mn net new ARR, vs. the midpoint of the guide of +31.4% (+$460mn in net new). Our core L/T thesis on PANW remains intact. With the stock down ~18% since the deal announcement, we believe that, for investors with a multi-quarter view, we see meaningful upside from these levels, and our initial work suggests the strategic rationale for CYBR will ultimately prove sound."

Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ:PANW) is a leader in AI-powered cybersecurity.

While we acknowledge the potential of PANW as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 10 Must-Watch AI Stocks on Wall Street and 10 AI Stocks Making Headlines This Week.

Disclosure: None.


10. [Finlight] Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Is The Largest Position In My Trust, Says Jim Cramer

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks Jim Cramer Discussed. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN)’s shares have lost 1% since the firm’s latest earnings report, as investors worry about the firm’s cloud computing business. After the earnings, Cramer asserted that one reason the firm is facing a growth slowdown with its AWS business is due to over-reliance on its custom Trainium AI chips. This time, he discussed Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) retail business as well:

“So I think that, there isn’t anything in my mind that says that, you take warehouses being up, that employing people in warehousing. . .And then you take a look at what Amazon’s doing. You read how their big warehouses have no people. And them I’m supposed to conclude that the problem is warehouse employment? You need to be a little more granular than the Labor Department.

Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Is The Largest Position In My Trust, Says Jim Cramer

“Hey by the way, let’s not forget. We are going to have a number of drug stores in this country that is probably about one fifth of what we have now. And that was the Amazon factor. So you’re going to get your food, you’re going to get your drugs, it’s going to come to your house. It’s a whole new world. And Amazon’s got it. Let’s just walk away from the idea that web services is declining just for a few minutes please.”

While we acknowledge the potential of AMZN as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk. If you are looking for an extremely cheap AI stock that is also a major beneficiary of Trump tariffs and onshoring, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now.


11. [Finlight] FedEx Corporation (FDX) Has A Warehouse With No People, Says Jim Cramer

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks Jim Cramer Discussed. FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX) is one of the largest courier and transportation companies in the world. Its shares have lost 17% year-to-date as weak earnings reports, coupled with trade and tariff uncertainties, have affected them. FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX) has also suffered due to the Trump administration’s decision to revoke the de minimis exemptions, which meant that the volume of shipments sent to the US dropped significantly. In his previous remarks about FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX), Cramer has praised the firm’s CEO. This time, he commented on the firm’s warehouse operations:

“So I think that, there isn’t anything in my mind that says that, you take warehouses being up, that employing people in warehousing and then you look at FedEx, which has got a gigantic warehouse in the Boston area with no people.”

FedEx Corporation (FDX) Has A Warehouse With No People, Says Jim Cramer

Previously, the CNBC TV host was full of praise for FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX)’s CEO Raj Subramaniam:

“UPS, look, one of the things that I’ve got to hand, FedEx, Raj Subramaniam was in there. Man, he’s giving you numbers. And Subramaniam’s a hitter, okay. We have a lot of hitters today. Kelly Ortberg, hitter. Who’s a misser?”

While we acknowledge the potential of FDX as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk. If you are looking for an extremely cheap AI stock that is also a major beneficiary of Trump tariffs and onshoring, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now.


12. [Finlight] I Like Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Because Of Its AI Business, Says Jim Cramer

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks Jim Cramer Discussed. Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) is a networking equipment company. During the show, Cramer interviewed its CEO, Chuck Robbins, and discussed the stock throughout:

“When we talked to Chuck Robbins this morning, the business roundtable, they’re kind of confused. They’re kind of confused. They don’t really want to add a lot of people because they are afraid. That maybe AI can take the, over hired them.

I Like Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Because Of Its AI Business, Says Jim Cramer

Copyright: bluebay / 123RF Stock Photo

“[On how AI infrastructure orders were 2x the initial target] I thought that was terrific. Obviously it’s security that’s the issue. Not their giant, genuine refresh for all their switching and routing. It is certainly not their AI, which is very, very strong. The stock is down because of some words they had to say about security being disapponting. And I think we have to get to the bottom of that and figure out what’s going on. A lot of it is government work and you can asterisk and say if it weren’t for government work they would be fine. But no one asterisks anything one a stock has momentum on the downside, it’s just, down.

While we acknowledge the potential of CSCO as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk. If you are looking for an extremely cheap AI stock that is also a major beneficiary of Trump tariffs and onshoring, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now.


13. [Finlight] Palantir Technologies Inc. (PLTR) Could Help With Government Functioning, Says Jim Cramer

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks Jim Cramer Discussed. Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR)’s shares are among the top performers in 2025 as they have gained 135% year-to-date. The stock has benefited from back-to-back strong earnings reports which have seen the firm expand its valuation multiple known as the Rule Of 40. Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR) currently trades at a 589 P/E ratio, which makes it one of the most highly valued stocks on the market. Cramer discussed the firm in the context of improving the US government’s operations:

“If I brought in, yes, the stock that actually reversed yesterday in a criminal fashion, just kidding. Palantir. I think Palantir, with its ontology, its ability to be able to figure out an organization, would have much better numbers. I know praise Alex Karp almost the way I praised Jensen Huang. Which is completely wrong because one man is a force of good and the other one’s the force of I have no idea. But I do believe Palantir could do the numbers much better.”

Palantir Technologies Inc. (PLTR) Could Help With Government Functioning, Says Jim Cramer

Here are his previous thoughts about Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR)’s CEO, Alex Karp:

“And, Alex Karp, congratulations again for getting the stock up. What a guy. What a sweetheart. That’s a word that’s not used by anyone in the world, remember pistol competition he does.”

While we acknowledge the potential of PLTR as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk. If you are looking for an extremely cheap AI stock that is also a major beneficiary of Trump tariffs and onshoring, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now.


14. [Finlight] NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA): I Spend A Lot Of Time Shooting Down Rumors, Says Jim Cramer

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks Jim Cramer Discussed. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

August has been an interesting month for NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA), as after the firm received the Trump administration’s approval to sell China the H20 GPUs, reports started to flow about potential security vulnerabilities or tracking software in the chips. While NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) asserted that no such vulnerabilities are present, more reports came to light and suggested that the Chinese government was advising firms not to buy its products. Cramer commented on yet another report about the firm:

“But we’re seeing a lot of crazy stuff. I mean yesterday NVIDIA was down all day. I said why? Well it turns out that there was a short story out there that NVIDIA’s gonna get late with the next chip which is the Vera Rubin, and therefore the MI450 by AMD is going to be in ascendance. The story was, I’ll just use a word that I think is really kind of indicative of where we are. It was a lie. It was a lie. . .it was untrue. And it caused a lot of people to buy AMD up nine and sell NVIDIA. Now there’s probably a new story about why NVIDIA’s down today. Because NVIDIA is so easy to known down right now because they’re an honest company. They don’t come in and they’re not a hyped company. They’re like, okay, they don’t come in and say what do we have to refute today? The fact is that the most major story about NVIDIA is a positive one. Which is that DeepSeek can’t make it so called [inaudible] chips that it needs and they need the H20.

NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA): I Spend A Lot Of Time Shooting Down Rumors, Says Jim Cramer

Photo by Luke Chesser on Unsplash

“. . .I don’t know spreads these things. I spend so much time shooting these things down, it’s like, I got the call at four o one saying finally got the saying here’s what happened. I said, well you know, three fifty nine the call would have been more effective cause the market closed. But everyone was focused on Mr. Bullish or whatever.

While we acknowledge the potential of NVDA as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk. If you are looking for an extremely cheap AI stock that is also a major beneficiary of Trump tariffs and onshoring, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now.


15. [Finlight] Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Is Good But The Stock Shouldn’t Have Risen Recently, Says Jim Cramer

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks Jim Cramer Discussed. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD)’s AI accelerators are the only ones in the market that can cater to AI demand on a massive scale, except for NVIDIA’s products. Consequently, the firm’s shares have gained 47% year-to-date as Wall Street remains bullish on the long-term prospects of AI and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD)’s ability to cater to the demand. The ability of the firm to profit from AI demand was evident from the report that Cramer discussed:

“. . .there was a short story out there that NVIDIA’s gonna get late with the next chip which is the Vera Rubin, and therefore the MI450 by AMD is going to be in ascendance. The story was, I’ll just use a word that I think is really kind of indicative of where we are. It was a lie. It was a lie. . .it was untrue. And it caused a lot of people to buy AMD up nine and sell NVIDIA.

Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Is Good But The Stock Shouldn't Have Risen Recently, Says Jim Cramer

Here are his previous thoughts about Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD):

“I think this is the pause that refreshes. I like the pullback. I’m surprised we’re even getting it. I think that Lisa Su has got something big going on with this MI400, that’s a competitor to NVIDIA. There’s room for them even if they do billions and billions of dollars in that category. They’ll get their fair share. I want you to buy some.”

While we acknowledge the potential of AMD as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk. If you are looking for an extremely cheap AI stock that is also a major beneficiary of Trump tariffs and onshoring, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now.


16. [Finlight] Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ)’s “A Terrible Stock,” Says Jim Cramer

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks Jim Cramer Discussed. Constellation Brands, Inc. (NYSE:STZ) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

Alcoholic beverage producer Constellation Brands, Inc. (NYSE:STZ)’s shares have lost 24% year-to-date as they are yet to recover from a massive 17% dip in January. The shares fell at the start of the year after the firm missed analyst revenue and EPS estimates for its fiscal third quarter and cut its fiscal year guidance. Cramer’s previous remarks about Constellation Brands, Inc. (NYSE:STZ) have discussed the impact of GLP-1 drugs and dropping alcohol consumption on the stock. Here are his latest thoughts:

“In this country we once had prohibition, I’m beginning to think we now have self-prohibition. There’s a Gallup poll, talking about American self-reported drinking down 54% after consecutive declines. Believe moderate drinking is bad for health. The Gen Zs aren’t drinking. . . .Beer remains America’s favorite booze, I’m not going to go into beer stocks, I think Constellation’s, STZ’s, a terrible stock. . . .Because this is a mocktail era. People are, I mean it really is temperance. And there are a lot of people who feel that even red wine, they finally got rid of that canard. So be careful in the liquor story because its just not getting better, it’s getting worse.”

Cramer wasn’t optimistic about Constellation Brands, Inc. (NYSE:STZ) ahead of its latest earnings either:

“On Tuesday, we get results from former market darling, Constellation Brands. What a fallen idol. There’s so much to unpack here because this consumer packaged goods company is a microcosm of what’s gone wrong with this now pathetic group that used to be the place to go when there’s a slowdown. First: Constellation is an alcohol company, so all their products are being hurt by the GLP-1 drugs, which can blunt your craving for booze. That’s especially true for the big beers, which are Modelo [and] Corona, and then a new popular favorite, Pacifico.

Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ)'s "A Terrible Stock," Says Jim Cramer

Photo by Zhivko Minkov on Unsplash


17. [Finlight] Diageo plc (DEO): Use The Bounce In Share Price To Sell, Says Jim Cramer

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks Jim Cramer Discussed. Diageo plc (NYSE:DEO) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

Diageo plc (NYSE:DEO)’s shares have lost 12% year-to-date but would have been down much more had it not been for a 13% jump in August. The stock rose after the firm reported 1.7% in full-year organic sales growth to beat analyst estimates of 1.4% and its operating profit dropped by 0.7% which was lower than the 1.2% drop that analysts had penciled in. Here’s what Cramer said about the movement in Diageo plc (NYSE:DEO)’s shares:

“In this country we once had prohibition, I’m beginning to think we now have self-prohibition. There’s a Gallup poll, talking about American self-reported drinking down 54% after consecutive declines. Believe moderate drinking is bad for health. The Gen Zs aren’t drinking. I have to tell you that this is another reason to stay away from the stock of Diageo. Beer remains America’s favorite booze, I’m not going to go into beer stocks. . .But I do think that there has been a little bit of a bounce in Diageo. . .and that’s a good opportunity to exit. Because this is a mocktail era. People are, I mean it really is temperance. And there are a lot of people who feel that even red wine, they finally got rid of that canard. So be careful in the liquor story because its just not getting better, it’s getting worse.”

Diageo plc (DEO): Use The Bounce In Share Price To Sell, Says Jim Cramer

Previously, the CNBC TV host discussed Diageo plc (NYSE:DEO)’s shares and business environment:

“Oh, okay, you came to the right guy because I’ve been in the bar business, the restaurant business, and the liquor business. I gotta tell you, they all stink. The problem is this: If you’re looking at the alcohol business, the GLP-1s, the new generation of people actually care about their health and wellness, and getting fat. Well, alcohol’s got all three. And don’t forget gummies. Gummies.. very heavy competition. I’d rather own gummies than… Diageo. There, that’s a statement.”

While we acknowledge the potential of DEO as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk. If you are looking for an extremely cheap AI stock that is also a major beneficiary of Trump tariffs and onshoring, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now.


18. [Finlight] Brown-Forman Corporation (BF-B): Use The Bounce In Share Price To Sell, Says Jim Cramer

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks Jim Cramer Discussed. Brown-Forman Corporation (NYSE:BF-B) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

Brown-Forman Corporation (NYSE:BF-B) is the struggling alcoholic beverages firm whose shares have lost 18% year-to-date on the back of a massive 17.9% dip in June. The shares fell after the firm’s quarterly report saw its $894 million in revenue miss $967 million in analyst estimates and its $0.31 EPS miss estimates of $0.34.

“In this country we once had prohibition, I’m beginning to think we now have self-prohibition. There’s a Gallup poll, talking about American self-reported drinking down 54% after consecutive declines. Believe moderate drinking is bad for health. The Gen Zs aren’t drinking. . . .Beer remains America’s favorite booze, I’m not going to go into beer stocks, . . .But I do think that there has been a little bit of a bounce in . . .Brown-Forman, and that’s a good opportunity to exit. Because this is a mocktail era. People are, I mean it really is temperance. And there are a lot of people who feel that even red wine, they finally got rid of that canard. So be careful in the liquor story because its just not getting better, it’s getting worse.”

Here’s what Cramer said about Brown-Forman Corporation (NYSE:BF-B) after the earnings report:

“But the worst one, Brown-Forman, the maker of Jack Daniel’s, which reported a truly terrible quarter. Although if you read the press release propaganda, you might have thought everything’s fabulous. Of course, when you look at the stock, which plummeted nearly 18% today, you’ll notice that it finished even worse than Tesla stock, which is saying something given the war of words between Elon Musk and President Trump, one of the worst spitball competitions I have ever seen.

Brown-Forman Corporation (BF-B): Use The Bounce In Share Price To Sell, Says Jim Cramer


19. [Finlight] Wells Fargo Says DELL Has ‘More Room to Run’ as AI Server Leader

Dell Technologies Inc. (NYSE:DELL) is one of the AI Stocks Investors Are Watching Right Now. On August 13, Wells Fargo reiterated the stock as “Overweight” stating that the shares of Dell have more room to run.

"We continue to see Dell as best-positioned AI server momentum story."

Analysts on Wall Street currently have a consensus “Buy” rating on the stock. The average price target of $145 implies a 4.22% upside; however, the Street-high target of $165 implies an upside of 18.6%.

Dell Technologies Inc. (NYSE:DELL) provides IT solutions, including servers, storage, networking, and personal computing devices, to businesses and consumers worldwide.

Wells Fargo Says DELL Has ‘More Room to Run’ as AI Server Leader

A portfolio manager analyzing various global investments on their laptop.

While we acknowledge the potential of DELL as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 10 Must-Watch AI Stocks on Wall Street and 10 AI Stocks Making Headlines This Week.

Disclosure: None.


20. [Finlight] Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR): “There’s Just No Fluidity,” Says Jim Cramer

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks Jim Cramer Discussed. Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:IBKR) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:IBKR) is an American brokerage company whose shares have gained 38.8% year-to-date. The stock has benefited from strong revenue growth fueled by rising trading. Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:IBKR)’s shares jumped by 7.8% in July after the firm’s second quarter revenue of $1.5 billion and $0.51 EPS beat analyst estimates of $1.4 billion and $0.47. Cramer discussed the recent share price performance:

“[On recent poor share price performance] I think that people felt that maybe I want to be, maybe there’s a little more competition. Now again, when you actually try to buy these things, it’s rather extraordinary because these things are all very tricky. People just, there’s no fluidity in trying to buy things.”

Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR): "There's Just No Fluidity," Says Jim Cramer

Previously, Cramer commented on Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:IBKR)’s intelligence:

“The brokerage firm that is very, very smart and very well run. And I do like brokers, particularly those that are able to let us do what we want, and that’s one of them. I say buy.”

While we acknowledge the potential of IBKR as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk. If you are looking for an extremely cheap AI stock that is also a major beneficiary of Trump tariffs and onshoring, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now.


💻 TECHNOLOGY HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

1. Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems - SiliconANGLE

Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems

Two of the largest enterprise infrastructure vendors announced product line expansions designed to give customers more options for deploying artificial intelligence workloads at scale. New offerings from Dell Technologies Inc. and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. include systems and software updates that incorporate Nvidia Corp.'s latest graphics processing unit technology and AI software, alongside tools from other partners, to help organizations move from AI experimentation to production.

Dell said it's updating its AI Data Platform with new components aimed at improving unstructured data ingestion, transformation, retrieval and compute performance. The platform is designed to handle the full AI workload lifecycle, from data ingestion to agentic inference to knowledge retrieval.

A new unstructured data engine developed in collaboration with Elasticsearch BV provides real-time, secure access to large-scale unstructured datasets, supporting advanced vector search, semantic retrieval and hybrid keyword search. The engine integrates GPU acceleration and Nvidia NeMo Retriever microservices for use in retrieval-augmented generation applications.

The Dell AI Data Platform also integrates a federated SQL engine from Starburst Data Inc. for querying multiple data sources without moving the data, and an Apache Spark-based data processing engine for batch and real-time analytics. They sit alongside Dell's PowerScale and ObjectScale storage systems, which support structured, semi-structured and unstructured data.

On the hardware side, Dell introduced PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers equipped with Nvidia RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell Server Edition GPUs, which are data center-class graphics and compute processors built on Nvidia's Blackwell architecture and designed for AI inference, visual computing, engineering simulation and virtual workstation workloads. Dell said the new GPUs can deliver up to six times the token throughput for large language model inference compared to its previous generation, along with higher engineering simulation performance and support for more concurrent users.

The R7725 will be the first 2U server to integrate the Nvidia AI Data Platform reference design, a validated blueprint for building GPU-accelerated infrastructure. Dell said the pairing yields a turnkey system for fast inferencing, semantic search and large AI workloads.

HPE said it's expanding its line of AI-optimized systems with new configurations that also use Nvidia's Blackwell architecture GPUs, as well as the latest Nvidia AI models. The company said these updates are intended to support both agentic AI -- or systems that complete tasks autonomously or with little supervision tasks - and physical AI, which involves AI control of robotics and other hardware systems.

HPE is also adding new options to its Cray XD670 and XD675 servers that allow them to be configured with Nvidia GB200 NVL72 systems for large-scale AI training, or with RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell GPUs for inference and smaller-scale workloads. HPE said both are pre-integrated with Nvidia's AI Enterprise software suite, including the NeMo framework and pretrained models such as Nvidia Nemotron for agentic AI and Cosmos for physical AI applications.

The company is also updating its GreenLake for AI offering to support the new systems. GreenLake is a consumption-based model for deploying AI infrastructure, allowing organizations to scale GPU resources as needed while keeping workloads on-premises or in colocation facilities. HPE said its Private Cloud AI will support the latest versions of the Nemotron and Cosmos models, as well as the latest Nvidia Blueprint for Video Search and Summarization.

Both companies' announcements center on integrating Nvidia's Blackwell-generation GPUs and related AI software into systems aimed at enterprises. Dell's focus is on connecting AI models to high-quality enterprise data, especially unstructured data, while HPE is emphasizing large-scale training and deployment of both agentic and physical AI models.

The announcements are part of a broader trend by infrastructure vendors to provide turnkey AI infrastructure that combines hardware, storage, networking and AI frameworks in pre-tested configurations.

Dell said its updated AI Data Platform with the unstructured data engine will be available later this year, alongside the PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers with RTX PRO 6000 GPUs. HPE said its updated Cray XD systems and GreenLake AI configurations will also be available in the coming months.


2. China's Tech Boom Attracts Foreign Investment Surge

The rhythmic hum of robotic arms in Suzhou factories and the digital pulse of Shanghai's AI labs tell an economic success story decades in the making. China has surpassed its ambitious five-year foreign direct investment (FDI) target of $700 billion ahead of schedule, with utilized FDI hitting $708.73 billion by mid-2024 -- a powerful rebuttal to narratives of foreign capital flight. This milestone, achieved amid global protectionist headwinds, underscores China's transformation into a high-tech investment magnet where innovation outpaces politics.

Despite geopolitical turbulence and supply chain realignments, China's patient cultivation of foreign enterprise is yielding historic dividends. Ministry of Commerce data reveals foreign firms now drive one-third of China's foreign trade, contribute 25% of industrial value-added output, and account for 1 in 7 tax dollars. Critically, they've generated over 30 million jobs since 2019 -- equivalent to the population of Malaysia. The 14th Five-Year Plan's $700 billion FDI target, once viewed as ambitious, was eclipsed six months early. In H1 2024 alone, 30,014 new foreign-invested firms registered across China -- an 11.7% YoY surge. While overall utilized FDI dipped 15.2% to $58.9 billion due to 2023's record-high baseline, the structural shift toward high-value sectors signals enduring confidence. As Franz Decker, BMW Brilliance Automotive CEO, asserted during the opening of their Nanjing R&D hub: "China demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation."

China's innovation pivot is rewriting FDI playbooks. Foreign capital flowing into high-tech industries leaped from 28.3% of total FDI in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023 -- a trajectory accelerating in 2024. E-commerce services saw explosive 130% YoY FDI growth in H1, while AI, biotech, and advanced manufacturing drew multinationals seeking China's "new quality productive forces." The Third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in June became a showcase for this transformation, featuring BMW's new Nanjing facility -- its largest Asian IT R&D center -- designed to leverage China's "rapidly evolving tech landscape." Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang, attending CISCE, observed: "China's supply chain is a miracle -- the world's largest and most complex, built on deep technology, AI and software. Technology adoption here is so fast, it sets global trends." This tech-led FDI boom reflects China's 9% average FDI return rate -- among the world's highest -- and validates Beijing's 2024 Action Plan stabilizing foreign investment through streamlined approvals and market access.

The H1 2024 FDI dip requires contextual understanding. OECD data shows global FDI fell 7% in 2023, with developing Asia experiencing steeper declines. China's contraction aligns with this trend while masking sectoral dynamism. Crucially, reinvested earnings by existing foreign enterprises -- a key FDI metric -- remain robust as firms like BASF and Tesla expand Chinese facilities. The State Council's 24-point guidelines for foreign investors, emphasizing intellectual property protection and equal procurement access, further anchor confidence. As the Ministry of Commerce emphasized in its June policy briefing: "Quality supersedes quantity -- we welcome capital aligned with high-end manufacturing and digital transformation."

China's $708 billion FDI milestone proves its economic resilience isn't cyclical but structural -- built on world-class infrastructure, deep talent pools, and unwavering commitment to innovation-led growth. For global investors, the calculus remains clear: overlooking China's high-tech transformation means missing the defining economic opportunity of our decade. Explore partnership opportunities through China's International Investment Promotion Agency to position your enterprise at the convergence of technology and growth.

China's 14th Five-Year Plan targeted $700 billion in cumulative foreign direct investment between 2021-2025. Ministry of Commerce data confirms this goal was surpassed six months early, reaching $708.73 billion by June 2024.

High-tech industries now dominate China FDI flows, rising from 28.3% of total investment in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023. E-commerce, AI, and advanced manufacturing led growth, with e-commerce FDI surging nearly 130% YoY in H1 2024.

BMW CEO Franz Decker cited China's "remarkable vitality in digital innovation ecosystems" when launching their Nanjing R&D center. Proximity to tech talent, rapid commercialization, and supportive industrial policies make China indispensable for global innovation.

Officials attribute H1 2024's 15.2% FDI dip to 2023's unusually high baseline and global trends. The 2024 "Stabilizing Foreign Investment" Action Plan counters concerns through market access easing and IP protections.

At approximately 9%, China's FDI return rate outperforms most major economies, according to World Bank investment viability analyses. This sustains appeal despite geopolitical uncertainties.

Data contradicts this narrative. Beyond record cumulative FDI, 30,014 new foreign firms registered in H1 2024 -- an 11.7% YoY increase -- with expansions by firms like Nvidia and BASF confirming long-term commitment.


3. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


4. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


5. Economic Watch: China's AI Tech Boosts Global Trade Efficiency, Facilitates Supply Chain

Beijing: To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q and A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing. "Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

According to Namibia Press Agency, during discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade. Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model. "The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes. At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms. The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images, and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for the overseas market. Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba. As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in the global trade landscape. At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent, and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world." China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi, and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce. Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


6. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

A visitor tries a pair of glasses at the booth of TCL in the Digital Technology Chain area of the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China, July 19, 2025. [Photo/Xinhua]

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30% The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95%, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

Open Source

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40% compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10% of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9% year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


7. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

This photo taken on July 17, 2025 shows robots at the booth of Nvidia during the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China. (Xinhua/Ding Hongfa)

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


8. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


9. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


10. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


11. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


12. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


13. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.


14. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


15. Economic Watch: China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation. ■


16. Nvidia CEO describes China's supply chain as 'miracle'

Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang on Thursday hailed China's supply chain as a "miracle," highlighting China's deep capabilities in artificial intelligence (AI) and computer science.

"The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," Huang told reporters at the ongoing China International Supply Chain Expo in Beijing.

Huang, a frequent visitor to China this year, stressed Chinese firms' critical role in the global tech ecosystem. "China is one of the few regions in the world with deep expertise in computer science," he said. "The architecture and algorithms used to serve such a large population are incredibly sophisticated."

Huang's remarks come amid growing tensions between the U.S. and China in the tech sector. Despite regulatory pressure and geopolitical tensions, Huang stressed the importance of continued collaboration and connection.

"We rely on the global supply chain to build very complicated products," he said, noting that Nvidia contributes software and hardware that power systems worldwide.

During the interview, Huang remained focused on the message: "Supply chain is connection. It takes many suppliers and providers around the world connected together in a supply chain."

Last week, the chipmaker became the first company ever to touch $4 trillion in market value.

Asked about the future of AI, Huang viewed it as the next major technological revolution, although it is still in its early stages. "The last 10 to 12 years were about preparing for today. Now, AI can reason, think and understand information. It's incredible," he said.

He also addressed the mounting concerns around AI safety. "We have to continue to advance the technology safely," Huang said, citing cybersecurity and environment monitoring as key areas to ensure responsible development.

In response to a question about China's role in AI development, Huang pointed to the country's large pool of researchers and deep interest in science and mathematics.

"China has great researchers perfectly prepared for this moment," he said.


17. Nvidia CEO depicts China's supply chain as "miracle"

BEIJING, July 17 (Xinhua) -- Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang on Thursday hailed China's supply chain as a "miracle", highlighting China's deep capabilities in artificial intelligence (AI) and computer science.

"The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," Huang told reporters at the ongoing China International Supply Chain Expo in Beijing.

Huang, a frequent visitor to China this year, stressed Chinese firms' critical role in the global tech ecosystem. "China is one of the few regions in the world with deep expertise in computer science," he said. "The architecture and algorithms used to serve such a large population are incredibly sophisticated."

Huang's remarks come amid at a time of growing U.S.-China tech tensions. Despite regulatory pressure and geopolitical tensions, Huang stressed the importance of continued collaboration and connection.

"We rely on the global supply chain to build very complicated products," he said, noting that Nvidia contributes software and hardware that power systems worldwide.

During the interview, Huang remained focused on the message: "Supply chain is connection. It takes many suppliers and providers around the world connected together in a supply chain."

Last week, the chipmaker became the first company ever to touch 4 trillion U.S. dollars in market value.

Asked about the future of AI, Huang viewed it as the next major technological revolution, though still in its early stages. "The last 10 to 12 years were about preparing for today. Now, AI can reason, think and understand information. It's incredible," he said.

He also addressed the mounting concerns around AI safety. "We have to continue to advance the technology safely," Huang said, citing cybersecurity and environment monitoring as key areas to ensure responsible development.

In response to a question about China's role in AI development, Huang pointed to the country's large pool of researchers and deep interest in science and mathematics.

"China has great researchers perfectly prepared for this moment," he said.


18. Nvidia boss brands China's supply chain a 'miracle' - RTHK

Nvidia chief executive Jensen Huang on Thursday hailed China's supply chain as a "miracle", highlighting China's deep capabilities in artificial intelligence (AI) and computer science.

"The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," Huang said on the sidelines of the ongoing China International Supply Chain Expo in Beijing.

Huang, a frequent visitor to China this year, stressed Chinese firms' critical role in the global tech ecosystem.

"China is one of the few regions in the world with deep expertise in computer science," he said.

"The architecture and algorithms used to serve such a large population are incredibly sophisticated."

Huang's remarks come at a time of growing Sino-US tech tensions. Despite regulatory pressure and geopolitical tensions, Huang stressed the importance of continued collaboration and connection.

"We rely on the global supply chain to build very complicated products," he said, noting that Nvidia contributes software and hardware that power systems worldwide.

"Supply chain is connection. It takes many suppliers and providers around the world connected together in a supply chain."

Last week, the chipmaker became the first company ever to touch US$4 trillion in market value.

Asked about the future of AI, Huang viewed it as the next major technological revolution, though still in its early stages.

"The last 10 to 12 years were about preparing for today. Now, AI can reason, think and understand information. It's incredible," he said.

Huang also addressed mounting concerns around AI safety.

"We have to continue to advance the technology safely," he said, citing cybersecurity and environment monitoring as key areas to ensure responsible development.

In response to a question about China's role in AI development, Huang pointed to the country's large pool of researchers and deep interest in science and mathematics.

"China has great researchers perfectly prepared for this moment," he said. (Xinhua)


19. Nvidia CEO depicts China's supply chain as "miracle"

BEIJING, July 17 (Xinhua) -- Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang on Thursday hailed China's supply chain as a "miracle", highlighting China's deep capabilities in artificial intelligence (AI) and computer science.

"The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," Huang told reporters at the ongoing China International Supply Chain Expo in Beijing.

Huang, a frequent visitor to China this year, stressed Chinese firms' critical role in the global tech ecosystem. "China is one of the few regions in the world with deep expertise in computer science," he said. "The architecture and algorithms used to serve such a large population are incredibly sophisticated."

Huang's remarks come amid at a time of growing U.S.-China tech tensions. Despite regulatory pressure and geopolitical tensions, Huang stressed the importance of continued collaboration and connection.

"We rely on the global supply chain to build very complicated products," he said, noting that Nvidia contributes software and hardware that power systems worldwide.

During the interview, Huang remained focused on the message: "Supply chain is connection. It takes many suppliers and providers around the world connected together in a supply chain."

Last week, the chipmaker became the first company ever to touch 4 trillion U.S. dollars in market value.

Asked about the future of AI, Huang viewed it as the next major technological revolution, though still in its early stages. "The last 10 to 12 years were about preparing for today. Now, AI can reason, think and understand information. It's incredible," he said.

He also addressed the mounting concerns around AI safety. "We have to continue to advance the technology safely," Huang said, citing cybersecurity and environment monitoring as key areas to ensure responsible development.

In response to a question about China's role in AI development, Huang pointed to the country's large pool of researchers and deep interest in science and mathematics.

"China has great researchers perfectly prepared for this moment," he said. ■


🎯 MARKET SYNTHESIS
----------------------------------------
Total stories analyzed: 124
Overall news sentiment: Positive (0.18)

Data Sources:
  • Financial Modeling Prep (FMP) - Market data & daily trading recap
  • NewsAPI.ai - World, USA, and tech news
  • Finlight - Financial market news

================================================================================
END OF BRIEFING