PREMIUM MORNING MARKET BRIEFING
Generated: August 17, 2025 at 07:56 AM ET
================================================================================

📅 ECONOMIC CALENDAR
----------------------------------------
No major economic events scheduled for today.

📊 PREMARKET OVERVIEW
----------------------------------------
Index Futures: Markets closed - Weekend

Cryptocurrency (24hr):
  • BTC: $118,365.03 (+0.78%)
  • ETH: $4,557.11 (+2.98%)
  • BNB: $860.57 (+2.54%)

🌍 WORLD NEWS DIGEST
----------------------------------------

1. Northern China Flash Flood Kills 10, Two Missing As Country Battles Extreme Weather

At least 10 people died in a flash flood in Inner Mongolia, China, with two missing. Over 700 people are searching. Severe weather has caused significant damage across China.

At least 10 people died in a flash flood in northern China, state media reported on Sunday, with two others still missing, as the East Asian monsoon continues to unleash atmospheric chaos across the world's second-largest economy.

The banks of a river in the grasslands of Inner Mongolia gave way around 10 p.m. (1400 GMT) on Saturday, sweeping away 13 campers on the outskirts of Bayannur, a key agricultural hub, according to the report.

According to state news agency Xinhua, a search and rescue operation involving more than 700 people is underway. One person has been rescued.

China has suffered weeks of extreme weather since July, battered by heavier-than-usual downpours with the monsoon stalling over its north and south.

Meteorologists attribute the shifting weather patterns to climate change, straining officials as flash floods displace thousands and put billions of dollars in economic losses at risk. Bayannur is an important national grain and oil production base, as well as a sheep breeding and processing centre.

In southern Hainan province, a three-and-a-half-month fishing ban ended on Saturday, state media reported, after agricultural authorities had earlier ordered vessels to remain in port due to prolonged heavy rainfall.

Severe weather on Friday killed two people and injured three others in the southwestern province of Sichuan, at a beer festival in the city of Mianzhu, after a truss fell on them, according to a local police report on Saturday.

The flooding in Inner Mongolia comes after torrential rains in Beijing, about 1,000 km (621 miles) away, late last month that killed at least 44 people and forced over 70,000 residents to evacuate.

The central government announced last week 430 million yuan ($59.9 million) in fresh funding for disaster relief, taking the total allocated since April to at least 5.8 billion yuan.


2. Don Wooten: Trump easily manipulated by money and/or flattery

Writing the night before Trump and Putin meet in Anchorage, one can only deal in speculation as to the encounter's potential for the future and the events of the recent past which prompted its sudden scheduling.

As for the latter, it may well be yet another attempt by the president to get the Epstein files out of the headlines and the public's awareness. His hope must be that a meeting of leaders of such powerful nations is of major consequence and therefore must command attention and become the primary focus of news coverage.

Looking ahead, no matter what they decide, the two really can't end the war themselves, nor determine the fate of Ukraine without that country's consent. Trump concedes up front that Zelensky and European leaders must be involved -- and that there is "a 25% chance of failure" in the whole enterprise.

What concerned most political leaders ahead of the event was the plan for the two leaders to spend some time alone (with interpreters). Trump simply isn't up to such encounters. Putin has minute command of the facts and the skill to play against Trump's general ignorance. Our leader continues to delude himself that he is a master of "the deal" and needs only his imagined ability to outwit any opponent. That has never worked.

People are also reading... Man arrested for murdering Moline 11-year-old Trudy Appleby 29 years ago With kids constantly sick, mom tested and found mold toxicity coming from Quad-Cities elementary school Iowa 5-star freshman Iose Epenesa discusses carrying on family legacy with Hawkeyes 3 Takeaways from Iowa's Kids' Day open practice: A freshman running back flashes Online sex sting leads to arrest of Davenport man who allegedly went to mall to meet girl 74-year-old Bettendorf woman in critical condition after being struck by vehicle Tuesday Illinois posts new notice of Deere layoffs in East Moline; Deere has not confirmed cuts How will Iowa replace Jay Higgins, Nick Jackson and Kyler Fisher at linebacker? John Deere to lay off more than 200 employees across three factories Man awaiting trial on sex abuse-related charges accused in riot in which another person was beaten Davenport alderman ousted over sexual harassment allegations running to end 'era of corruption' Rock, country, blues, folk, pop: Your guide to all 70 music acts at Alternating Currents 2025 President/CEO of the YMCA of the Iowa Mississippi Valley retiring at the end of 2025 Scott County pays $1.3 million to house inmates elsewhere; Rock Island gets $508K for housing 121 from Scott County during fiscal year 'We are one step closer to closure': Indictment in Trudy Appleby case fosters hope for her uncle

He is easily manipulated by persuasive people, ranging from Israel's brutal Netanyahu, whose insensate war in Gaza the president supports (with public misgivings that don't interrupt arms supplies), to the rabid racist Stephen Miller, the Homeland Security Advisor who has turned ICE into a latter-day Gestapo. Give Trump money and/or flattery and he's yours.

An interesting aside to the whole thing is that, unlikely as it seems, Alaska may be the only safe place to have had the meeting. The International Criminal Court (ICC) has issued an arrest warrant for Vladimir Putin and Maria Alekseyevna Lvova-Belova, Russia's Commissioner for Children's Rights, for the forced deportation and illegal transfer of children from occupied areas of Ukraine to the Russian Federation.

Had they met elsewhere, Putin could have been arrested. While the United States cooperated in the formation of the Court and the drafting of its laws, Congress has never voted to join the ICC. Putin was safe here, in what he may have viewed as fellowship with a convicted felon.

Listen now and subscribe: Apple Podcasts | Google Podcasts | Spotify | Stitcher | RSS Feed | SoundStack | All Of Our Podcasts

Meanwhile, as Project 2025 agents continue to dismantle government agencies that serve the public interest, a kind of Project 2026 is taking shape.

While our democracy is on track to be a fully-functioning autocracy by the middle of next year, the 2026 elections could halt the process or even throw it into reverse. Traditionally, the party that wins control in presidential election years, loses it in off-year contests. Add to that, the worry that Trump's ratings continue to decline as prices begin their tariff-driven rise. The GOP could be in real trouble 15 months hence.

Aware of the situation, Republican strategists are at work. Thirty-one state legislatures have adopted a variety of election rules designed to limit the vote, from requiring additional means of identification at the polls, shortening early election periods, to restricting such conveniences as mail-in ballots, election day registration and drop-boxes.

Add to that some moves allowing state legislatures more latitude in certifying slates of electors which may not reflect the voters' choices. And, in an item making headlines just now, Texas is trying to gerrymander voting districts to oblige the president's request for five additional Republican House seats.

In a dramatic speech Thursday, California's Governor Gavin Newsom announced that, if Texas proceeds with their plan, California will hold a special election this November, asking voters for permission to temporarily set aside its non-partisan House districts and do some gerrymandering of its own. Suggested maps would be chosen by state-wide vote.

This is regrettable, but may be necessary. California has been a model of honest re-districting but the brazen move by Texas shouldn't go unanswered. In a perfect world, all states would form non-partisan commissions to handle the job. Voters should choose the people who represent them, not the other way around.

Finally, to prove they mean business, monied interests have been stuffing funds into Republican campaign coffers. It is the rare right-wing candidate for election next year who isn't sitting on an overflowing campaign war chest. Money can buy elections by flooding the airwaves with ads, jamming social media with bots, and counting on the Fox propaganda mills and its wannabe competitors to shape voters' minds.

The clincher may be the tax breaks built into the big ugly bill for middle-class citizens: no tax on tips up to $25,000; on overtime pay up to $12,500; and interest on new car loans, up to $10,000. In addition, seniors get an extra $6,000 deduction. There are limitations, and qualifications to all of these, but it's a nice pre-election present. And you'll hear lot about them in re-election campaign ads: proof that Trump actually cares for those who aren't billionaires.

The kicker is that these tax changes expire in two years, The enormous haul for the wealthy is permanent. The really bad news follows a month after the election. You won't hear much about that.

The lingering question is, will the public still be hearing about the Epstein files?

Don Wooten is a former Illinois state senator and a regular columnist. Email him at: donwooten4115@gmail.com.

Love 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Sad 0 Angry 0

Catch the latest in Opinion

Get opinion pieces, letters and editorials sent directly to your inbox weekly!

Sign up! * I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy.


3. News in Brief: Punting politicians, pride, and planning rows

A light-hearted round-up of the local news from this week, including the Lib Dem leader and climate plans for algae

Few will forget the stunts of Liberal Democrat leader Ed Davey during the 2024 general election campaign, from falling off paddleboards to whizzing down waterslides. More than a year on, the fun has certainly not gone away. On Saturday, the politician met with local councillors to discuss repairs to the River Cam's crumbling locks. Later that day, Davey, sporting a straw hat, shared an Instagram snap of himself punting on the Cam, captioned: "Do you want to save our rivers and wildlife? Take a punt, join us today!" For once, Davey managed to stay afloat.

No sign of magic

Cambridge City Council has refused permission for the House of Wizard on Market Hill to keep its hanging sign, ruling that it causes "visual harm" to the Grade I Listed building and local conservation area. The council referenced the sign's large bracket and the lack of public benefit to the owners' proposals. The wizard-themed gift shop had also sought approval to install "cool white LED" lights, but planning officers said this would be "inappropriate" on the historic frontage. In planning documents, the owners of the House of Wizard argued that the designs had minimal impact on the "physical fabric of the building". Last year, Popeyes on Market Hill faced a similar ruling after installing unauthorised signage.

A wall lot cooler

Hauwa Busari, a Cambridge MPhil student in Architecture and Urban Studies, has developed sustainable wall panels filled with spirulina, a blue-green algae, to cool buildings. The Mastercard Foundation Scholar from Nigeria explained: "The algae panel acts as a thermal shade against the sun keeping the building cooler." The panels could reduce interior temperatures by 8-10°C without air conditioning, whilst absorbing CO2 and filtering air. Busari's panels are reportedly easy to fit and could be used in shelters for displaced people. Her idea won the Mastercard Foundation Scholars Entrepreneurship Fund Competition, with runners-up proposing solar-powered classrooms in Kenya and smart water systems in Zimbabwe. Busari described the experience as "life-changing" and hopes her work will help communities impacted by climate change.

Stormzy swells with pride

Rapper Stormzy has said he is "really proud" of the 56 Cambridge students supported by his scholarship scheme. The artist, who launched the programme in 2018 to fund Black UK students, was awarded an honorary doctorate in law by the university in June. Speaking on The One Show, he said: "I'm just really proud of them. Hopefully in 10, 20, 30, 40 years I'll hear a story about someone who cured this disease or someone who pioneered in this field, and they're like, actually, they had the Stormzy scholarship all those years ago."


4. Australians could be left 'impoverished' from Labor's net zero dream

Sky News host Freya Leach hits out against Australia's net zero push, which would see Australians left "impoverished" for a "lofty" goal.

"You can't address Australia's stalling economy without confronting the environmental madness that has possessed Canberra, now don't get me wrong, I want a clean environment, we need to be responsible stewards of this Earth," Ms Leach said.

"But I am not willing to see our own people impoverished for a lofty global dream we have no control over. Australia is around one per cent of global emissions, even if we went to net zero tomorrow, it would not impact on global emissions."


5. Three killed, eight injured in shooting in crowded New York club...

NEW YORK (AP) - Three people are dead and eight others wounded after a shooting in a crowded New York City club early Sunday morning.

Investigators believe a shooter or shooters opened fire with multiple weapons at Taste of the City Lounge in the Brooklyn neighborhood of Crown Heights after "a dispute" just before 3:30 a.m., killing three men, New York Police Department Commissioner Jessica Tisch told reporters.

"It´s a terrible shooting that occurred in the city of New York," Tisch said at a news briefing. She said officers are investigating at least 36 shell casings from the lounge, as well as a firearm that was discovered in a nearby street.

Those wounded in the shooting - eight men and three women - are being treated at hospitals for non-life-threatening injuries, she said. The ages the victims range from 27 to 61.

The shooting comes amid a record low year for gun violence in New York City

"I mean, we have the lowest numbers of shooting incidents and shooting victims seven months into the year that we've seen on record in the city of New York," she said. "Something like this is, of course, thank God an anomaly and it's a terrible thing that happened this morning, but we're going to investigate and get to the bottom of what went down."


6. TV 47: Youth have been cautioned against political incitement and encouraged to exercise democratic right

Youth have been cautioned against political incitement.

Encouraged to exercise their democratic rights.

Government urged to prioritize youth involvement.

#TV47NewsNow

Thank you for watching this video. Kindly subscribe for more content from 'Home of The Untold Stories.'

*About TV47* 'TV47 is on GOtv (Channel 102), DStv (Channel 268), SIGNET, Gotv, BAMBA and STARTIMES. __ For Breaking News, kindly subscribe by sending 'NEWS' to 22047. __

Connect with us:

Website: https://www.tv47.digital/ Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/TV47KE Twitter: https://twitter.com/tv47news Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/tv47ke/ TikTok: https://www.tiktok.com/@tv47_ke Telegram: https://t.me/tv47_ke WhatsApp: 0797 047 047 __


7. TV 47: DCP women leaders slams Ruto's affordable housing project

Says it benefits the wealthy, not ordinary Kenyans.

Thank you for watching this video. Kindly subscribe for more content from 'Home of The Untold Stories.'

*About TV47* 'TV47 is on GOtv (Channel 102), DStv (Channel 268), SIGNET, Gotv, BAMBA and STARTIMES. __ For Breaking News, kindly subscribe by sending 'NEWS' to 22047. __

Connect with us:

Website: https://www.tv47.digital/ Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/TV47KE Twitter: https://twitter.com/tv47news Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/tv47ke/ TikTok: https://www.tiktok.com/@tv47_ke Telegram: https://t.me/tv47_ke WhatsApp: 0797 047 047 __


8. Three killed, eight injured in shooting in crowded New York club amid record low gun violence year

NEW YORK (AP) -- Three people are dead and eight others wounded after a shooting in a crowded New York City club early Sunday morning.

Investigators believe a shooter or shooters opened fire with multiple weapons at Taste of the City Lounge in the Brooklyn neighborhood of Crown Heights after "a dispute" just before 3:30 a.m., killing three men, New York Police Department Commissioner Jessica Tisch told reporters.

"It's a terrible shooting that occurred in the city of New York," Tisch said at a news briefing. She said officers are investigating at least 36 shell casings from the lounge, as well as a firearm that was discovered in a nearby street.

Those wounded in the shooting -- eight men and three women -- are being treated at hospitals for non-life-threatening injuries, she said. The ages the victims range from 27 to 61.

The shooting comes amid a record low year for gun violence in New York City

"I mean, we have the lowest numbers of shooting incidents and shooting victims seven months into the year that we've seen on record in the city of New York," she said. "Something like this is, of course, thank God an anomaly and it's a terrible thing that happened this morning, but we're going to investigate and get to the bottom of what went down."


9. TV 47: MDD leaders: President's pledge to compensate victims shows commitment to end extrajudicial killings

Speaking in Nairobi, Movement for Defence of Democracy (MDD) leaders said the president's pledge to compensate victims signals a commitment to ending extrajudicial killings and upholding human rights.

They also called for justice for those who lost lives during peaceful protests.

#TV47NewsNow

Thank you for watching this video. Kindly subscribe for more content from 'Home of The Untold Stories.'

*About TV47* 'TV47 is on GOtv (Channel 102), DStv (Channel 268), SIGNET, Gotv, BAMBA and STARTIMES. __ For Breaking News, kindly subscribe by sending 'NEWS' to 22047. __

Connect with us:

Website: https://www.tv47.digital/ Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/TV47KE Twitter: https://twitter.com/tv47news Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/tv47ke/ TikTok: https://www.tiktok.com/@tv47_ke Telegram: https://t.me/tv47_ke WhatsApp: 0797 047 047 __


10. Punjab: Water Levels In Rivers Continue To Rise, Land Connectivity To Dozens Of Villages Cut Off - UrduPoint

LAHORE, (UrduPoint / Pakistan Point News - 17th Aug, 2025) The continuous rise in river water levels across Punjab has resulted in flooding in several districts, cutting off dozens of villages from land access and causing widespread destruction of crops and infrastructure. According to Punjab Disaster Management Authority (PDMA) officials, floods have already devastated agricultural lands, prompting evacuation announcements via mosques and the establishment of flood relief camps by Rescue 1122 and district administrations. The situation is expected to worsen as weather experts have forecast further heavy rainfall in the coming days.

PDMA reports that Punjab is currently under the influence of the seventh monsoon spell, expected to continue until August 23. Heavy rainfall is predicted across most districts, particularly raising concerns of flash flooding in the Potohar region and possible cloudbursts in Rawalpindi, Murree, Galiyat, Jhelum, Chakwal, and Attock. Other districts where heavy rain is expected include Lahore, Sheikhupura, Mandi Bahauddin, Gujranwala, Hafizabad, Wazirabad, Sialkot, Narowal, Sahiwal, Jhang, Toba Tek Singh, Nankana Sahib, Chiniot, Faisalabad, Okara, Kasur, Khushab, Sargodha, Bhakkar, Bahawalpur, Mianwali, Bahawalnagar, D.G. Khan, Multan, Muzaffargarh, Khanewal, Lodhran, Rajanpur, Rahim Yar Khan, and Layyah.

In Kasur, the Sutlej River has overflowed, submerging multiple villages and severing land routes. Water discharge at Ganda Singh Wala headworks has reached 75,000 cusecs, while the water level at Kekar post stood at 19.60 feet as of 6 AM today. PDMA has raised concerns that India may release more water from the Harike Headworks, potentially worsening the already critical flood situation. Affected areas in Kasur include Bhikkiwind, Wada Hako Wala, Aiman Nagar, Basti Bangladesh, and Chanda Singh. These areas have seen roads submerged, crops destroyed, and hundreds of acres of agricultural land lost, inflicting severe economic damage on local farmers.

District administrations and Rescue 1122 teams are actively involved in relief and evacuation efforts. Boat services have been launched to transport stranded residents to safer locations. Flood relief camps have been set up, providing medical aid, ration supplies, and fodder for livestock. The district government has urged residents to call Rescue 1122 in emergencies and evacuate to safer areas where possible.

A high-level flood is also being observed in Nallah Dek near Zafarwal, where water flow has surged to 22,000 cusecs, close to its capacity of 30,000 cusecs. Floodwaters have entered villages such as Lehri Kalan and Deoli, submerging homes and fields. Rescue 1122 has established four flood relief camps in Nallah Dek Skrot, Lehri, Deoli, and Kingra.

A flood warning has been issued for all villages situated near Nallah Dek.

The public is urged to stay alert, follow evacuation instructions from local authorities, and avoid low-lying or river-adjacent areas during the ongoing monsoon spell.

The embankments of the Sutlej River have broken in Bahawalnagar, officials reported, adding that the water level continues to rise. In response, the district administration has imposed Section 144 to prevent public gatherings in the affected areas.

Similarly, in the Sutlej River region, several smaller embankments have failed in areas including Mouza Togira Sharif, Mari Mian Sahib, Chak Bhatian, and Rajika, causing floodwaters to inundate agricultural lands. There is a growing risk of adjacent settlements being submerged due to the large volume of floodwater. Erosion is also intensifying as a result of the river's strong current. Rescue teams are actively working in the riverbed areas to evacuate residents to safer locations.

Meanwhile, a low-level flood has been observed in the Chenab River at Chiniot, rescue sources confirmed. More than 110,000 cusecs of water are flowing through the river, submerging several villages including Mouza Sahmal, Pirkot Taja, and Mouza Khadkan. Floodwaters have entered both agricultural fields and residential areas. Hundreds of acres of standing crops have been damaged, and district administration teams are assisting in relocating affected residents.

Deputy Commissioner Safiullah Gondal stated that public announcements are being made in mosques to urge residents to evacuate. Five flood relief camps have been established, and all relevant departments, including the Health Department and Civil Defense, are participating in relief efforts.

Additionally, a moderate flood has been reported in the Indus River at Kundian. The inflow of water into the Chashma Barrage has been recorded at 450,500 cusecs, while the outflow stands at 435,400 cusecs. The water level at the barrage is 643 feet. A flood warning has been issued for the Kachha coastal areas, and mosque announcements are underway to prompt evacuations.

It is also worth noting that India has released floodwater into the Sutlej River, impacting areas in Chishtian. Rescue sources reported a rising threat of low-level flooding in the region due to the increased water flow. The situation is particularly severe in areas such as Basti Lodhran, Basti Qasim Ali, and Baba Jeevan Shah.

Currently, over 40,000 cusecs of water are flowing through the Sutlej River at Chishtian. Officials warn that the water level is expected to rise further over the next two days. Continuous land erosion has been reported, and floodwaters have reached crops near the riverbanks.


11. European leaders to join Zelensky when he meets Trump at the White House

Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president, German chancellor Friedrich Merz and Finnish president Alexander Stubb were the first leaders to confirm they will join Mr Zelensky in Washington DC.

French president Emmanuel Macron, Italian PM Giorgia Meloni, and Nato chief Mark Rutte have also confirmed their attendance.

Downing Street would not comment on whether Sir Keir Starmer plans to travel to Washington to join other European leaders on Monday.

Mr Zelensky's Oval Office rendezvous with the US president will take place after Western allies meet for a coalition of the willing video call on Sunday afternoon.

The call will be hosted by Prime Minister Sir Keir, France's Mr Macron and Germany's Mr Merz.

The show of unity by European leaders comes as Mr Trump appears poised to urge the Ukrainian leader to agree to a Russian land grab of his country's territory, according to reports.

Several news outlets have reported Russian president Vladimir Putin has demanded full control of Donetsk and Luhansk - two occupied Ukrainian regions - as a condition for ending the war.

In exchange, he would give up other Ukrainian territories held by Russian troops, multiple reports said, attributing sources familiar with Mr Putin and Mr Trump's negotiations in Alaska on Friday.

Mr Trump is said to be inclined to support the plan, and will speak to Mr Zelensky about it when they meet in the Oval Office.

The European leaders may also fear a repeat of Mr Zelensky's last visit to the White House at the end of February.

The tumultuous spat resulted in a souring of relations between the US and Ukraine, including a temporary cut off of American aid for the war effort.

Mr Trump appeared to change his position on how to end the war in Ukraine following his meeting with the Russian president on Friday.

Following the Alaska summit, the American leader suggested he wants to move straight to a full peace deal, rather than negotiating a ceasefire first.

The shift appears to echo the Russians' refusal to agree to ceasefire before engaging in peace talks.

Writing on social media on Sunday morning, the Ukrainian leader railed against Russia's refusal to lay down arms temporarily before agreeing to end the war.

Mr Zelensky said: "We see that Russia rebuffs numerous calls for a ceasefire and has not yet determined when it will stop the killing.

"This complicates the situation."

He added: "If they lack the will to carry out a simple order to stop the strikes, it may take a lot of effort to get Russia to have the will to implement far greater - peaceful coexistence with its neighbours for decades.

"But together we are working for peace and security. Stopping the killing is a key element of stopping the war."

Mr Zelensky is expected to attend Sunday afternoon's video call with leaders from the coalition of the willing, which is scheduled to take place at 2pm UK time.


12. Three killed, eight injured in shooting in crowded New York club amid record low gun violence year

NEW YORK (AP) -- Three people are dead and eight others wounded after a shooting in a crowded New York City club early Sunday morning.

Investigators believe a shooter or shooters opened fire with multiple weapons at Taste of the City Lounge in the Brooklyn neighborhood of Crown Heights after "a dispute" just before 3:30 a.m., killing three men, New York Police Department Commissioner Jessica Tisch told reporters.

"It's a terrible shooting that occurred in the city of New York," Tisch said at a news briefing. She said officers are investigating at least 36 shell casings from the lounge, as well as a firearm that was discovered in a nearby street.

Those wounded in the shooting -- eight men and three women -- are being treated at hospitals for non-life-threatening injuries, she said. The ages the victims range from 27 to 61.

The shooting comes amid a record low year for gun violence in New York City

"I mean, we have the lowest numbers of shooting incidents and shooting victims seven months into the year that we've seen on record in the city of New York," she said. "Something like this is, of course, thank God an anomaly and it's a terrible thing that happened this morning, but we're going to investigate and get to the bottom of what went down."


13. Top News Stories: Electoral Battles, Infrastructure Milestones, and International Diplomacy | Entertainment

Chief Election Commissioner Gynaesh Kumar addressed misinformation on electoral roll revisions in Bihar. PM Modi inaugurated new highways to ease congestion in Delhi. Astronaut Shubhanshu Shukla received a warm welcome upon returning from the International Space Station (ISS). Additionally, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi is set to visit India for diplomatic talks.

The Chief Election Commissioner, Gynaesh Kumar, expressed concern on Sunday over the misinformation being spread about the Special Intensive Revision (SIR) of electoral rolls in Bihar. He stated that the initiative aims to correct the voters' lists, countering claims of 'vote chori' amid opposition protests.

Sunday marked the inauguration of significant infrastructure projects by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, as he unveiled two highways worth Rs 11,000 crore in New Delhi. These developments, including the Dwarka Expressway and Urban Extension Road-II, are set to alleviate traffic congestion in the capital and its perimeter.

In international news, astronaut Shubhanshu Shukla returned to India after a historic trip to the International Space Station. Celebrated with fervor, his return was met by crowds at the airport, underscoring the pride in India's space achievements. Meanwhile, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi's forthcoming visit to India hints at strategic talks to fortify peace along contested borders.


14. Rabi-ul-Awwal Moon Likely To Be Sighted On 24th - UrduPoint

LAHORE, (UrduPoint / Pakistan Point News - 17th Aug, 2025) The Space and Upper Atmosphere Research Commission (SUPARCO) has made a prediction regarding the sighting of the Rabi-ul-Awwal moon.

According to SUPARCO experts, the moon of Rabi-ul-Awwal is likely to be sighted on August 24, and in this case, 12 Rabi-ul-Awwal can be on Thursday, September 5.

The experts told APP that the birth of the Rabi-ul-Awwal moon is expected on August 23 at 11:06 am.

The age of the moon will be approximately 32 hours and 13 minutes by sunset on August 24.


15. Price Of Gold Declines - UrduPoint

LAHORE, (UrduPoint / Pakistan Point News - 17th Aug, 2025) The price of gold in Pakistan and the global market has been on a downward trend for the past week, falling by Rs6,200 per tola and $ 62 per ounce in the past 6 days.

According to a report of the local Sarafa Association, gold fell by $ 36 per ounce and Rs3,600 per tola in the global and local markets on Monday, by $ 5 and Rs500 on Tuesday, by $ 2 and Rs200 on Wednesday, and by $ 10 and Rs 1,000 on Friday.

According to data, gold fell by $ 9 per ounce in the global market on Saturday and by Rs 900 per tola in Pakistan. The markets were closed on Thursday due to the August 14 holiday.


16. Kim Kardashian Makeover: Look, I'm Blonde Again!!!!!

On August 15, the mother of four shocked social media followers when she debuted a radical new hairstyle and color, going back to blonde locks for the first time in awhile.

"👩🏼 About that time," the 44-year old wrote via Instagram on Friday alongside a picture of her latest makeover.

The superstar's well-known friends were quick to praise up her latest 'do in the comments, with rapper JT of the City Girls writing, "Favorite color on you!"

Her former hairstylist Scotty Cunha, meanwhile, said, "I love blonde Kim so much."

This isn't the first time the SKIMS founder has dyed her hair or changed up her look, of course.

Most recently, the reality star went with a curly blonde bob wig in the campaign for a business collaboration with Roberto Cavalli, More famously, though, she sported platinum blonde locks for a couple of her most recent MET Gala appearances.

In 2024, Kardashian dyed her hair specifically at the request of Maison Margiela creative director John Galliano, who assembled her outfit and her appearance for the event that year.

"This has been in the planning, obviously, for weeks," her hairstylist Chris Appleton told E! News after the 2024 MET Gala. "And John mentioned as soon as we did a fitting that he would love to see Kim blonde because the silver tones and we wanted to show that into the hair."

Two years prior, for the 2022 MET Gala, Kim also walked the red carpet as a blonde.

"The hair look was simple to highlight the platinum color, giving the hair color and dress the attention," Appleton told Vogue in 2022, referring to Kardashian wearing Marilyn Monroe's classic bedazzled gown. "I wanted it to be iconic to Marilyn, but also iconic to Kim when she has her blonde moment."

Kardashian, who we just wrote about because she broke down in tears while discussing her ex-husband, has remarked on the past that she feels like a different person when blonde.

"I'm a totally different person," Kim told Allure in 2022. "I'm sassier. I'm more confident as a blonde."


17. Trump runs into the difficulty of Putin diplomacy and ending a long war

NEW YORK (AP) -- President Donald Trump walked into a summit with Russia's Vladimir Putin pressing for a ceasefire deal and threatening "severe consequences" and tough new sanctions if the Kremlin leader failed to agree to halt the fighting in Ukraine.

Instead, Trump was the one who stood down, dropping his demand for a ceasefire in favor of pursuing a full peace accord -- a position that aligns with Putin's.

After calls with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and European leaders, Trump wrote as he flew home from Friday's meeting in Alaska that it had been "determined by all that the best way to end the horrific war between Russia and Ukraine is to go directly to a Peace Agreement, which would end the war, and not a mere Ceasefire Agreement, which often times do not hold up."

It was a dramatic reversal that laid bare the challenges of dealing with Putin, a cunning adversary, as well as the complexities of a conflict that Trump had repeatedly boasted during his campaign that he could solve within 24 hours.

Trump's position after the summit with Putin

Few details have emerged about what the two leaders discussed or what constituted the progress they both touted. The White House did not respond to messages seeking comment Saturday.

While European leaders were relieved that Trump did not agree to a deal that ceded territory or otherwise favored Moscow, the summit allowed Putin to reclaim his place on the world stage and may have bought Russia more time to push forward with its offensive in Ukraine.

"We're back to where we were before without him having gone to Alaska," said Fiona Hill, who served as Trump's senior adviser on Russia at the National Security Council during his first term, including when he last met Putin in Helsinki in 2018.

In an interview, Hill argued that Trump had emerged from the meeting in a weaker position on the world stage because of his reversal. Other leaders, she said, might now look at the U.S. president and think he's "not the big guy that he thinks he is and certainly not the dealmaking genius."

"All the way along, Trump was convinced he has incredible forces of persuasion," she said, but he came out of the meeting without a ceasefire -- the "one thing" he had been pushing for, even after he gave the Russian leader the "red carpet treatment."

Trump has "run up against a rock in the form of Putin, who doesn't want anything from him apart from Ukraine," she said.

Democrats call for consequences for Putin

At home, Democrats expressed alarm at what at times seemed like a day of deference, with Trump clapping for Putin as he walked down a red carpet during an elaborate ceremony welcoming him to U.S. soil for the first time in a decade. The two rode together in the presidential limousine and exchanged compliments.

Trump seemed to revel in particular in Putin echoing his oft-repeated assertion that Russia never would have invaded Ukraine if Trump had been in office instead of Democrat Joe Biden at the time.

Before news cameras, Trump did not use the opportunity to castigate Putin for launching the largest ground invasion in Europe since World War II or human rights abuses he's been accused of committing. Instead, Putin was the one who spoke first, and invited Trump to join him in Moscow next.

"President Trump appears to have been played yet again by Vladimir Putin," said Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire, ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. "The President rolled out a red carpet and warmly greeted a murderous dictator on American soil and reports indicate he got nothing concrete in return."

"Enough is enough," she went on. "If President Trump won't act, Congress must do so decisively by passing crushing sanctions when we return in the coming weeks."

Sen. Jack Reed, a Rhode Island Democrat who is the ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said he supports diplomacy but "peacemaking must be done responsibly."

"Instead of caving to Putin, the U.S. should join our allies in levying tough, targeted new sanctions on Russia to intensify the economic pressure," he said.

Trump has touted himself as the president of peace

Trump has tried to cast himself as a peacemaker, taking credit for helping deescalate conflicts between India and Pakistan as well as Thailand and Cambodia. He proudly mediated a peace agreement between Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of Congo and another between the leaders of Armenia and Azerbaijan to end decades of fighting.

Trump has set his eye on the Nobel Peace Prize, with numerous allies offering nominations.

But Trump has struggled to made headway on the world's two most vexing conflicts: the Russia-Ukraine war and Israel's offensive in Gaza against Hamas.

Republicans and Trump allies offer little response so far

In Washington, the summit was met by little response from Trump's allies. Republican lawmakers who spoke out were largely reserved and generally called for continued talks and constructive actions from the Trump administration.

"President Trump brought Rwanda and the DRC to terms, India and Pakistan to terms, Armenia and Azerbaijan to terms. I believe in our President, and believe he will do what he always does -- rise to the challenge," Rep. Brian Mast, a Florida Republican who chairs the House Foreign Affairs Committee, said in a statement to The Associated Press.

Sen. Lisa Murkowski, an Alaska Republican, wrote on social media after the summit that "while the press conference offered few details about their meeting" she was "cautiously optimistic about the signals that some level of progress was made."

Murkowski said it "was also encouraging to hear both presidents reference future meetings" but that Ukraine "must be part of any negotiated settlement and must freely agree to its terms."

Sen. Lindsey Graham, a South Carolina Republican and close Trump ally, offered that he was "very proud" of Trump for having had the face-to-face meeting and was "cautiously optimistic" that the war might end "well before Christmas" if a trilateral meeting between Trump, Zelenskyy and Putin transpires. Zelenskyy plans to meet with Trump in Washington on Monday, joined by European and NATO leaders.

"I have all the confidence in the world that Donald Trump will make it clear to Putin this war will never start again. If it does, you're going to pay a heavy price," he said on Fox News.

For some Trump allies, the very act of him meeting with Putin was success enough: conservative activist and podcaster Charlie Kirk called it "a great thing."

Some see a Putin win and a Trump loss

But in Europe, the summit was seen as a major diplomatic coup for Putin, who has been eager to emerge from geopolitical isolation.

Former Russian President Dmitry Medvedev, deputy head of Russia's Security Council, praised the summit as a breakthrough in restoring high-level dialogue between Moscow and Washington, describing the talks as "calm, without ultimatums and threats."

Former Swedish Prime Minister Carl Bildt said the summit was "a distinct win for Putin. He didn't yield an inch" but was also "a distinct setback for Trump. No ceasefire in sight."

"What the world sees is a weak and wobbling America," Bildt posted on X.

Burrows reported from London. Associated Press writers Matt Brown in Washington and John Leicester in Paris contributed to this report.


18. 'Tabi to Hibi' Wins Golden Leopard

Switzerland, Aug 17 (News On Japan) - Director Sho Miyake's film Tabi to Hibi (Journey and Days) has won the top prize, the Golden Leopard, at the Locarno International Film Festival in Switzerland, marking the first time in 18 years that a Japanese work has taken the award.

The 78th edition of the festival, held in the southern Swiss town of Locarno, awarded Miyake's film the highest honor in the competition section.

The film stars South Korean actress Shim Eun-kyung, alongside Shinichi Tsutsumi and Yumi Kawai. It tells the story of a struggling screenwriter who begins to confront his life after encounters during a journey.

Founded in 1946, the Locarno festival is regarded as one of Europe's most historic film events, alongside Cannes and Venice. According to the distributor, the last time a Japanese film received the top prize was in 2007, when Masahiro Kobayashi's Ai no Yokan (The Rebirth) was awarded, making Miyake's achievement a long-awaited milestone.


19. Date Of Hajj Applications Under Government Scheme Extended - UrduPoint

LAHORE, (UrduPoint / Pakistan Point News - 17th Aug, 2025) The government has extended the receipt of Hajj applications under the government scheme by one day.

Ministry of Religious Affairs local chapter sources told APP that the receipt of Hajj applications will continue in designated banks on August 18, adding more than 110,000 applications have been received in the last 12 days.

They said that 7,000 seats are left under the quota, the one-day extension has been made on a 'first come, first served' basis, and the receipt of Hajj applications will be stopped as soon as the seats are filled.

The sources further said that there will be no further extension in the online portal, and the online portal will be closed at 12 o'clock tonight.


20. Republicans look to make a U-turn on federal commitment to electric vehicles for the Postal Service

WASHINGTON (AP) -- A year after being lauded for its plan to replace thousands of aging, gas-powered mail trucks with a mostly electric fleet, the U.S. Postal Service is facing congressional attempts to strip billions in federal EV funding.

In June, the Senate parliamentarian blocked a Republican proposal in a major tax-and-spending bill to sell off the agency's new electric vehicles and infrastructure and revoke remaining federal money. But efforts to halt the fleet's shift to clean energy continue in the name of cost savings.

Donald Maston, president of the National Rural Letter Carriers' Association, said canceling the program now would have the opposite effect, squandering millions of dollars.

People are also reading... La Crosse philanthropist arrested for drunken driving Winona woman accused of torturing bound toddler while filming Cashton area diner closes down - Steve Cahalan Raising Cane's opens Tuesday; ABRA shop moves to Onalaska - Steve Cahalan Woman arrested for meth after La Crosse police pursuit Area pizza place under new ownership - Steve Cahalan 10 must-try pizzerias in the Coulee Region La Crosse driver faces 4th drunken driving charge after Clinton St. crash Stolen motorcycle chase ends with arrest of Onalaska man 5 La Crosse area speedsters who could fly past opponents in the 2025 football season Mayor pushes to install city admin this fall instead of council's 2027 goal La Crosse police looking for 26-year-old missing person US Rep. Van Orden praises 'Big, Beautiful Bill' as constituent concerns linger Police warn of heavy traffic near Valley View Mall for Raising Cane's opening, other events next week Where will $57M in proposed La Crosse capital projects go in 2026?

"I think it would be shortsighted for Congress to now suddenly decide they're going to try to go backwards and take the money away for the EVs or stop that process because that's just going to be a bunch of money on infrastructure that's been wasted," he said.

Beyond that, many in the scientific community fear the government could pass on an opportunity to reduce carbon emissions that contribute to global warming when urgent action is needed.

Electrified vehicles reduce emissions

A 2022 University of Michigan study found the new electric postal vehicles could cut total greenhouse gas emissions by up to 20 million tons over the predicted, cumulative 20-year lifetime of the trucks. That's a fraction of the more than 6,000 million metric tons emitted annually in the United States, said professor Gregory A. Keoleian, co-director of the university's Center for Sustainable Systems. But he said the push toward electric vehicles is critical and needs to accelerate, given the intensifying impacts of climate change.

"We're already falling short of goals for reducing emissions," Keoleian said. "We've been making progress, but the actions being taken or proposed will really reverse decarbonization progress that has been made to date."

Many GOP lawmakers share President Donald Trump's criticism of the Biden-era green energy push and say the Postal Service should stick to delivering mail.

Sen. Joni Ernst, R-Iowa, said "it didn't make sense for the Postal Service to invest so heavily in an all-electric force." She said she will pursue legislation to rescind what is left of the $3 billion from the Inflation Reduction Act allocated to help cover the $10 billion cost of new postal vehicles.

Ernst has called the EV initiative a "boondoggle" and "a textbook example of waste," citing delays, high costs and concerns over cold-weather performance.

"You always evaluate the programs, see if they are working. But the rate at which the company that's providing those vehicles is able to produce them, they are so far behind schedule, they will never be able to fulfill that contract," Ernst said during a recent appearance at the Iowa State Fair, referring to Wisconsin-based Oshkosh Defense.

"For now," she added, "gas-powered vehicles -- use some ethanol in them -- I think is wonderful."

Corn-based ethanol is a boon to Iowa's farmers, but the effort to reverse course has other Republican support.

Rep. Michael Cloud, R-Texas, a co-sponsor of the rollback effort, has said the EV order should be canceled because the project "has delivered nothing but delays, defective trucks, and skyrocketing costs."

The Postal Service maintains that the production delay of the Next Generation Delivery Vehicles, or NGDVs, was "very modest" and not unexpected.

"The production quantity ramp-up was planned for and intended to be very gradual in the early months to allow time for potential modest production or supplier issues to be successfully resolved," spokesperson Kim Frum said.

EVs help in modernization effort

The independent, self-funded federal agency, which is paid for mostly by postage and product sales, is in the middle of a $40 billion, 10-year modernization and financial stabilization plan. The EV effort had the full backing of Democratic President Joe Biden, who pledged to move toward an all-electric federal fleet of car and trucks.

The "Deliver for America" plan calls for modernizing the ground fleet, notably the Grumman Long Life Vehicle, which dates back to 1987 and is fuel-inefficient at 9 mpg. The vehicles are well past their projected 24-year lifespan and are prone to breakdowns and even fires.

"Our mechanics are miracle workers," said Mark Dimondstein, president of the American Postal Workers Union. "The parts are not available. They fabricate them. They do the best they can."

The Postal Service announced in 2022 it would deploy at least 66,000 electric vehicles by 2028, including commercial off-the-shelf models, after years of deliberation and criticism it was moving too slowly to reduce emissions. By 2024, the agency was awarded a Presidential Sustainability Award for its efforts to electrify the largest fleet in the federal government.

Building new postal trucks

In 2021, Oshkosh Defense was awarded a contract for up to 165,000 battery electric and internal combustion engine Next Generation vehicles over 10 years.

The first of the odd-looking trucks, with hoods resembling a duck's bill, began service in Georgia last year. Designed for greater package capacity, the trucks are equipped with airbags, blind-spot monitoring, collision sensors, 360-degree cameras and antilock brakes.

There's also a new creature comfort: air conditioning.

Douglas Lape, special assistant to the president of the National Association of Letter Carriers and a former carrier, is among numerous postal employees who have had a say in the new design. He marvels at how Oshkosh designed and built a new vehicle, transforming an old North Carolina warehouse into a factory along the way.

"I was in that building when it was nothing but shelving," he said. "And now, being a completely functioning plant where everything is built in-house -- they press the bodies in there, they do all of the assembly -- it's really amazing in my opinion."

Where things stand now

The agency has so far ordered 51,500 NGDVs, including 35,000 battery-powered vehicles. To date, it has received 300 battery vehicles and 1,000 gas-powered ones.

Former Postmaster General Louis DeJoy said in 2022 the agency expected to purchase chiefly zero-emissions delivery vehicles by 2026. It still needs some internal combustion engine vehicles that travel longer distances.

Frum, the Postal Service spokesperson, said the planned NGDV purchases were "carefully considered from a business perspective" and are being deployed to routes and facilities where they will save money.

The agency has also received more than 8,200 of 9,250 Ford E-Transit electric vehicles it has ordered, she said.

Ernst said it's fine for the Postal Service to use EVs already purchased.

"But you know what? We need to be smart about the way we are providing services through the federal government," she said. "And that was not a smart move."

Maxwell Woody, lead author of the University of Michigan study, made the opposite case.

Postal vehicles, he said, have low average speeds and a high number of stops and starts that enable regenerative braking. Routes average under 30 miles and are known in advance, making planning easier.

"It's the perfect application for an electric vehicle," he said, "and it's a particularly inefficient application for an internal combustion engine vehicle."

Associated Press writer Hannah Fingerhut in Des Moines, Iowa, contributed to this report.

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Love 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Sad 0 Angry 0

Be the first to know

Get local news delivered to your inbox!

Sign up! * I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy.


🇺🇸 USA MARKET NEWS
----------------------------------------

1. Don Wooten: Trump easily manipulated by money and/or flattery

Writing the night before Trump and Putin meet in Anchorage, one can only deal in speculation as to the encounter's potential for the future and the events of the recent past which prompted its sudden scheduling.

As for the latter, it may well be yet another attempt by the president to get the Epstein files out of the headlines and the public's awareness. His hope must be that a meeting of leaders of such powerful nations is of major consequence and therefore must command attention and become the primary focus of news coverage.

Looking ahead, no matter what they decide, the two really can't end the war themselves, nor determine the fate of Ukraine without that country's consent. Trump concedes up front that Zelensky and European leaders must be involved -- and that there is "a 25% chance of failure" in the whole enterprise.

What concerned most political leaders ahead of the event was the plan for the two leaders to spend some time alone (with interpreters). Trump simply isn't up to such encounters. Putin has minute command of the facts and the skill to play against Trump's general ignorance. Our leader continues to delude himself that he is a master of "the deal" and needs only his imagined ability to outwit any opponent. That has never worked.

People are also reading... Man arrested for murdering Moline 11-year-old Trudy Appleby 29 years ago With kids constantly sick, mom tested and found mold toxicity coming from Quad-Cities elementary school Iowa 5-star freshman Iose Epenesa discusses carrying on family legacy with Hawkeyes 3 Takeaways from Iowa's Kids' Day open practice: A freshman running back flashes Online sex sting leads to arrest of Davenport man who allegedly went to mall to meet girl 74-year-old Bettendorf woman in critical condition after being struck by vehicle Tuesday Illinois posts new notice of Deere layoffs in East Moline; Deere has not confirmed cuts How will Iowa replace Jay Higgins, Nick Jackson and Kyler Fisher at linebacker? John Deere to lay off more than 200 employees across three factories Man awaiting trial on sex abuse-related charges accused in riot in which another person was beaten Davenport alderman ousted over sexual harassment allegations running to end 'era of corruption' Rock, country, blues, folk, pop: Your guide to all 70 music acts at Alternating Currents 2025 President/CEO of the YMCA of the Iowa Mississippi Valley retiring at the end of 2025 Scott County pays $1.3 million to house inmates elsewhere; Rock Island gets $508K for housing 121 from Scott County during fiscal year 'We are one step closer to closure': Indictment in Trudy Appleby case fosters hope for her uncle

He is easily manipulated by persuasive people, ranging from Israel's brutal Netanyahu, whose insensate war in Gaza the president supports (with public misgivings that don't interrupt arms supplies), to the rabid racist Stephen Miller, the Homeland Security Advisor who has turned ICE into a latter-day Gestapo. Give Trump money and/or flattery and he's yours.

An interesting aside to the whole thing is that, unlikely as it seems, Alaska may be the only safe place to have had the meeting. The International Criminal Court (ICC) has issued an arrest warrant for Vladimir Putin and Maria Alekseyevna Lvova-Belova, Russia's Commissioner for Children's Rights, for the forced deportation and illegal transfer of children from occupied areas of Ukraine to the Russian Federation.

Had they met elsewhere, Putin could have been arrested. While the United States cooperated in the formation of the Court and the drafting of its laws, Congress has never voted to join the ICC. Putin was safe here, in what he may have viewed as fellowship with a convicted felon.

Listen now and subscribe: Apple Podcasts | Google Podcasts | Spotify | Stitcher | RSS Feed | SoundStack | All Of Our Podcasts

Meanwhile, as Project 2025 agents continue to dismantle government agencies that serve the public interest, a kind of Project 2026 is taking shape.

While our democracy is on track to be a fully-functioning autocracy by the middle of next year, the 2026 elections could halt the process or even throw it into reverse. Traditionally, the party that wins control in presidential election years, loses it in off-year contests. Add to that, the worry that Trump's ratings continue to decline as prices begin their tariff-driven rise. The GOP could be in real trouble 15 months hence.

Aware of the situation, Republican strategists are at work. Thirty-one state legislatures have adopted a variety of election rules designed to limit the vote, from requiring additional means of identification at the polls, shortening early election periods, to restricting such conveniences as mail-in ballots, election day registration and drop-boxes.

Add to that some moves allowing state legislatures more latitude in certifying slates of electors which may not reflect the voters' choices. And, in an item making headlines just now, Texas is trying to gerrymander voting districts to oblige the president's request for five additional Republican House seats.

In a dramatic speech Thursday, California's Governor Gavin Newsom announced that, if Texas proceeds with their plan, California will hold a special election this November, asking voters for permission to temporarily set aside its non-partisan House districts and do some gerrymandering of its own. Suggested maps would be chosen by state-wide vote.

This is regrettable, but may be necessary. California has been a model of honest re-districting but the brazen move by Texas shouldn't go unanswered. In a perfect world, all states would form non-partisan commissions to handle the job. Voters should choose the people who represent them, not the other way around.

Finally, to prove they mean business, monied interests have been stuffing funds into Republican campaign coffers. It is the rare right-wing candidate for election next year who isn't sitting on an overflowing campaign war chest. Money can buy elections by flooding the airwaves with ads, jamming social media with bots, and counting on the Fox propaganda mills and its wannabe competitors to shape voters' minds.

The clincher may be the tax breaks built into the big ugly bill for middle-class citizens: no tax on tips up to $25,000; on overtime pay up to $12,500; and interest on new car loans, up to $10,000. In addition, seniors get an extra $6,000 deduction. There are limitations, and qualifications to all of these, but it's a nice pre-election present. And you'll hear lot about them in re-election campaign ads: proof that Trump actually cares for those who aren't billionaires.

The kicker is that these tax changes expire in two years, The enormous haul for the wealthy is permanent. The really bad news follows a month after the election. You won't hear much about that.

The lingering question is, will the public still be hearing about the Epstein files?

Don Wooten is a former Illinois state senator and a regular columnist. Email him at: donwooten4115@gmail.com.

Love 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Sad 0 Angry 0

Catch the latest in Opinion

Get opinion pieces, letters and editorials sent directly to your inbox weekly!

Sign up! * I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy.


2. Republicans look to make a U-turn on federal commitment to electric...

WASHINGTON (AP) - A year after being lauded for its plan to replace thousands of aging, gas-powered mail trucks with a mostly electric fleet, the U.S. Postal Service is facing congressional attempts to strip billions in federal EV funding.

In June, the Senate parliamentarian blocked a Republican proposal in a major tax-and-spending bill to sell off the agency's new electric vehicles and infrastructure and revoke remaining federal money. But efforts to halt the fleet´s shift to clean energy continue in the name of cost savings.

Donald Maston, president of the National Rural Letter Carriers´ Association, said canceling the program now would have the opposite effect, squandering millions of dollars.

"I think it would be shortsighted for Congress to now suddenly decide they´re going to try to go backwards and take the money away for the EVs or stop that process because that´s just going to be a bunch of money on infrastructure that´s been wasted," he said.

Beyond that, many in the scientific community fear the government could pass on an opportunity to reduce carbon emissions that contribute to global warming when urgent action is needed.

A 2022 University of Michigan study found the new electric postal vehicles could cut total greenhouse gas emissions by up to 20 million tons over the predicted, cumulative 20-year lifetime of the trucks. That's a fraction of the more than 6,000 million metric tons emitted annually in the United States, said professor Gregory A. Keoleian, co-director of the university's Center for Sustainable Systems. But he said the push toward electric vehicles is critical and needs to accelerate, given the intensifying impacts of climate change.

"We´re already falling short of goals for reducing emissions," Keoleian said. "We´ve been making progress, but the actions being taken or proposed will really reverse decarbonization progress that has been made to date."

Many GOP lawmakers share President Donald Trump's criticism of the Biden-era green energy push and say the Postal Service should stick to delivering mail.

Sen. Joni Ernst, R-Iowa, said "it didn't make sense for the Postal Service to invest so heavily in an all-electric force." She said she will pursue legislation to rescind what is left of the $3 billion from the Inflation Reduction Act allocated to help cover the $10 billion cost of new postal vehicles.

Ernst has called the EV initiative a "boondoggle" and "a textbook example of waste," citing delays, high costs and concerns over cold-weather performance.

"You always evaluate the programs, see if they are working. But the rate at which the company that´s providing those vehicles is able to produce them, they are so far behind schedule, they will never be able to fulfill that contract," Ernst said during a recent appearance at the Iowa State Fair, referring to Wisconsin-based Oshkosh Defense.

"For now," she added, "gas-powered vehicles - use some ethanol in them - I think is wonderful."

Corn-based ethanol is a boon to Iowa's farmers, but the effort to reverse course has other Republican support.

Rep. Michael Cloud, R-Texas, a co-sponsor of the rollback effort, has said the EV order should be canceled because the project "has delivered nothing but delays, defective trucks, and skyrocketing costs."

The Postal Service maintains that the production delay of the Next Generation Delivery Vehicles, or NGDVs, was "very modest" and not unexpected.

"The production quantity ramp-up was planned for and intended to be very gradual in the early months to allow time for potential modest production or supplier issues to be successfully resolved," spokesperson Kim Frum said.

The independent, self-funded federal agency, which is paid for mostly by postage and product sales, is in the middle of a $40 billion, 10-year modernization and financial stabilization plan. The EV effort had the full backing of Democratic President Joe Biden, who pledged to move toward an all-electric federal fleet of car and trucks.

The "Deliver for America" plan calls for modernizing the ground fleet, notably the Grumman Long Life Vehicle, which dates back to 1987 and is fuel-inefficient at 9 mpg. The vehicles are well past their projected 24-year lifespan and are prone to breakdowns and even fires.

"Our mechanics are miracle workers," said Mark Dimondstein, president of the American Postal Workers Union. "The parts are not available. They fabricate them. They do the best they can."

The Postal Service announced in 2022 it would deploy at least 66,000 electric vehicles by 2028, including commercial off-the-shelf models, after years of deliberation and criticism it was moving too slowly to reduce emissions. By 2024, the agency was awarded a Presidential Sustainability Award for its efforts to electrify the largest fleet in the federal government.

In 2021, Oshkosh Defense was awarded a contract for up to 165,000 battery electric and internal combustion engine Next Generation vehicles over 10 years.

The first of the odd-looking trucks, with hoods resembling a duck´s bill, began service in Georgia last year. Designed for greater package capacity, the trucks are equipped with airbags, blind-spot monitoring, collision sensors, 360-degree cameras and antilock brakes.

There's also a new creature comfort: air conditioning.

Douglas Lape, special assistant to the president of the National Association of Letter Carriers and a former carrier, is among numerous postal employees who have had a say in the new design. He marvels at how Oshkosh designed and built a new vehicle, transforming an old North Carolina warehouse into a factory along the way.

"I was in that building when it was nothing but shelving," he said. "And now, being a completely functioning plant where everything is built in-house - they press the bodies in there, they do all of the assembly - it´s really amazing in my opinion."

The agency has so far ordered 51,500 NGDVs, including 35,000 battery-powered vehicles. To date, it has received 300 battery vehicles and 1,000 gas-powered ones.

Former Postmaster General Louis DeJoy said in 2022 the agency expected to purchase chiefly zero-emissions delivery vehicles by 2026. It still needs some internal combustion engine vehicles that travel longer distances.

Frum, the Postal Service spokesperson, said the planned NGDV purchases were "carefully considered from a business perspective" and are being deployed to routes and facilities where they will save money.

The agency has also received more than 8,200 of 9,250 Ford E-Transit electric vehicles it has ordered, she said.

Ernst said it's fine for the Postal Service to use EVs already purchased.

"But you know what? We need to be smart about the way we are providing services through the federal government," she said. "And that was not a smart move."

Maxwell Woody, lead author of the University of Michigan study, made the opposite case.

Postal vehicles, he said, have low average speeds and a high number of stops and starts that enable regenerative braking. Routes average under 30 miles and are known in advance, making planning easier.

"It´s the perfect application for an electric vehicle," he said, "and it´s a particularly inefficient application for an internal combustion engine vehicle."

____

Associated Press writer Hannah Fingerhut in Des Moines, Iowa, contributed to this report.


3. Republicans look to make a U-turn on federal commitment to electric vehicles for the Postal Service

WASHINGTON - A year after being lauded for its plan to replace thousands of aging, gas-powered mail trucks with a mostly electric fleet, the U.S. Postal Service is facing congressional attempts to strip billions in federal EV funding.

In June, the Senate parliamentarian blocked a Republican proposal in a major tax-and-spending bill to sell off the agency's new electric vehicles and infrastructure and revoke remaining federal money. But efforts to halt the fleet's shift to clean energy continue in the name of cost savings.

Recommended Videos

Donald Maston, president of the National Rural Letter Carriers' Association, said canceling the program now would have the opposite effect, squandering millions of dollars.

"I think it would be shortsighted for Congress to now suddenly decide they're going to try to go backwards and take the money away for the EVs or stop that process because that's just going to be a bunch of money on infrastructure that's been wasted," he said.

Beyond that, many in the scientific community fear the government could pass on an opportunity to reduce carbon emissions that contribute to global warming when urgent action is needed.

Electrified vehicles reduce emissions

A 2022 University of Michigan study found the new electric postal vehicles could cut total greenhouse gas emissions by up to 20 million tons over the predicted, cumulative 20-year lifetime of the trucks. That's a fraction of the more than 6,000 million metric tons emitted annually in the United States, said professor Gregory A. Keoleian, co-director of the university's Center for Sustainable Systems. But he said the push toward electric vehicles is critical and needs to accelerate, given the intensifying impacts of climate change.

"We're already falling short of goals for reducing emissions," Keoleian said. "We've been making progress, but the actions being taken or proposed will really reverse decarbonization progress that has been made to date."

Many GOP lawmakers share President Donald Trump's criticism of the Biden-era green energy push and say the Postal Service should stick to delivering mail.

Sen. Joni Ernst, R-Iowa, said "it didn't make sense for the Postal Service to invest so heavily in an all-electric force." She said she will pursue legislation to rescind what is left of the $3 billion from the Inflation Reduction Act allocated to help cover the $10 billion cost of new postal vehicles.

Ernst has called the EV initiative a "boondoggle" and "a textbook example of waste," citing delays, high costs and concerns over cold-weather performance.

"You always evaluate the programs, see if they are working. But the rate at which the company that's providing those vehicles is able to produce them, they are so far behind schedule, they will never be able to fulfill that contract," Ernst said during a recent appearance at the Iowa State Fair, referring to Wisconsin-based Oshkosh Defense.

"For now," she added, "gas-powered vehicles -- use some ethanol in them -- I think is wonderful."

Corn-based ethanol is a boon to Iowa's farmers, but the effort to reverse course has other Republican support.

Rep. Michael Cloud, R-Texas, a co-sponsor of the rollback effort, has said the EV order should be canceled because the project "has delivered nothing but delays, defective trucks, and skyrocketing costs."

The Postal Service maintains that the production delay of the Next Generation Delivery Vehicles, or NGDVs, was "very modest" and not unexpected.

"The production quantity ramp-up was planned for and intended to be very gradual in the early months to allow time for potential modest production or supplier issues to be successfully resolved," spokesperson Kim Frum said.

EVs help in modernization effort

The independent, self-funded federal agency, which is paid for mostly by postage and product sales, is in the middle of a $40 billion, 10-year modernization and financial stabilization plan. The EV effort had the full backing of Democratic President Joe Biden, who pledged to move toward an all-electric federal fleet of car and trucks.

The "Deliver for America" plan calls for modernizing the ground fleet, notably the Grumman Long Life Vehicle, which dates back to 1987 and is fuel-inefficient at 9 mpg. The vehicles are well past their projected 24-year lifespan and are prone to breakdowns and even fires.

"Our mechanics are miracle workers," said Mark Dimondstein, president of the American Postal Workers Union. "The parts are not available. They fabricate them. They do the best they can."

The Postal Service announced in 2022 it would deploy at least 66,000 electric vehicles by 2028, including commercial off-the-shelf models, after years of deliberation and criticism it was moving too slowly to reduce emissions. By 2024, the agency was awarded a Presidential Sustainability Award for its efforts to electrify the largest fleet in the federal government.

Building new postal trucks

In 2021, Oshkosh Defense was awarded a contract for up to 165,000 battery electric and internal combustion engine Next Generation vehicles over 10 years.

The first of the odd-looking trucks, with hoods resembling a duck's bill, began service in Georgia last year. Designed for greater package capacity, the trucks are equipped with airbags, blind-spot monitoring, collision sensors, 360-degree cameras and antilock brakes.

There's also a new creature comfort: air conditioning.

Douglas Lape, special assistant to the president of the National Association of Letter Carriers and a former carrier, is among numerous postal employees who have had a say in the new design. He marvels at how Oshkosh designed and built a new vehicle, transforming an old North Carolina warehouse into a factory along the way.

"I was in that building when it was nothing but shelving," he said. "And now, being a completely functioning plant where everything is built in-house -- they press the bodies in there, they do all of the assembly -- it's really amazing in my opinion."

Where things stand now

The agency has so far ordered 51,500 NGDVs, including 35,000 battery-powered vehicles. To date, it has received 300 battery vehicles and 1,000 gas-powered ones.

Former Postmaster General Louis DeJoy said in 2022 the agency expected to purchase chiefly zero-emissions delivery vehicles by 2026. It still needs some internal combustion engine vehicles that travel longer distances.

Frum, the Postal Service spokesperson, said the planned NGDV purchases were "carefully considered from a business perspective" and are being deployed to routes and facilities where they will save money.

The agency has also received more than 8,200 of 9,250 Ford E-Transit electric vehicles it has ordered, she said.

Ernst said it's fine for the Postal Service to use EVs already purchased.

"But you know what? We need to be smart about the way we are providing services through the federal government," she said. "And that was not a smart move."

Maxwell Woody, lead author of the University of Michigan study, made the opposite case.

Postal vehicles, he said, have low average speeds and a high number of stops and starts that enable regenerative braking. Routes average under 30 miles and are known in advance, making planning easier.

"It's the perfect application for an electric vehicle," he said, "and it's a particularly inefficient application for an internal combustion engine vehicle."

____

Associated Press writer Hannah Fingerhut in Des Moines, Iowa, contributed to this report.


4. Longford SFC: Mostrim outclassed as Killoe cruise to easy win

Killoe are chasing top spot in Group A of the Senior Football Championship and took another step in that direction with a commanding performance in the easy win over outclassed Mostrim who are bound for the relegation play-offs.

Killoe Emmet Og . . . 2-17 Mostrim . . . 0-5

It was a one-sided affair from start to finish as the much superior Killoe side cruised to a commanding success at the Higginstown grounds in Granard on Saturday evening against a struggling Mostrim outfit who were suffering a fourth consecutive defeat in the current Connolly Cup campaign.

With notable absentees such as Mickey Quinn, Darren Moffet and Paddy Kiernan, Killoe still looked like a formidable force and are clearly title contenders.

They started strongly as they would mean to continue as Cian Farrelly opened the scoring with less than a minute gone on the clock. Then a Conor Mulligan goal quickly followed to put Emmet Og in the driving seat.

James Moran was on target for three scores along with a point apiece from brothers Evan and Gavin Farrelly, while Danny Mimnagh (back home from the United States) added a simple palmed goal.

Mostrim evergreen Shane Kiernan kicked a two pointer midway through the first half while Paddy Moran converted a free to conclude a rampant Killoe first half display as they led convincingly on a scoreline of 2-7 to 0-3.

Killoe kicked 9 points without reply in the second half and substitute Ronan McGoldrick's score was the pick of the bunch after some sharp build up play. Things turned from bad to worse for Edgeworthstown as James Connell received a black card after 51 minutes.

The job was done from a Killoe perspective at this stage but they did not take the foot off the pedal with Cian Dooner, McGoldrick and Larry Moran landing points.

Dylan Hutchinson and Pearse McNally registered consolation scores for Mostrim who are doing their best against all the odds but are now facing a fierce battle to retain their senior status which they have proudly held since 1968.

KILLOE EMMET OG: Micheal Hughes; Liam Hughes, Ryan Moffet, Evan Farrelly (0-1); Gavin Farrelly (0-1), Niall Farrelly, Ryan Keogh; James Moran (0-3, 1 '45), Ronan Keogh; Danny Mimnagh (1-2), Mark Hughes (0-1), Cian Farrelly (0-1); Larry Moran (0-2, 1 free), Paddy Moran (0-4, 1 free), Conor Mulligan (1-0).

Subs:- Cian Dooner (0-1) for Mark Hughes (41 mins); Ronan McGoldrick (0-2) for P Moran (45 mins); Shane McManus for E Farrelly (47 mins); Gavin Hughes for D Mimnagh (50 mins).

MOSTRIM: Caolan Hussey; Alex Nugent, Shane Campbell, Adam Connaughton; Shane Kiernan (0-2, two pointer), Martin Coyle, Kaylem Lynn; Dario Cigliano, James Connell; Dylan Hutchinson (0-1), Thomas Doyle (0-1), Niall Quinn; Jack Belton, Andy Devine, Ronan Courtney.


5. First Alert Weather Day: Widely scattered storms Sunday afternoon

It's a quiet start to the day with temperatures in the low to mid 70s. You will not have to worry about foggy conditions this morning.

We have declared today a First Alert Weather Day for the potential to see dangerous heat in parts of west Alabama. A Heat Advisory has been issued for Lamar, Fayette and Pickens counties today from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Temperatures in the Heat Advisory are forecast to warm into the mid 90s with a heat index up to 105°F.

We are looking at a mostly sunny start to the day with clouds developing during the afternoon hours. We should end up with a partly cloudy sky this afternoon with highs in the low to mid 90s. Winds are forecast to come from the northeast at 5 to 10 mph. When you factor in the humidity, it could feel like it is between 98°F-103°F.

We are looking at a 30% chance for widely scattered showers and thunderstorms this afternoon. The best chance to see a few storms will likely occur between noon and 8 p.m. Several spots will likely remain dry, but areas that get hit could see heavy rainfall, frequent lightning and gusty winds. A strong or severe storm can't be ruled out. Just remember to take shelter indoors if you hear thunder or see lightning. If you have any evening plans, we'll hold on to an isolated rain chance with temperatures cooling into the mid 80s by 7 p.m.

First Alert Weather Days continue through Tuesday: The big story for the start of the work week is the heat and humidity. Morning temperatures will likely start out in the mid 70s. Both days will likely heat into the mid 90s with a chance to see upper 90s in far west Alabama.

The heat index will likely climb between 100°F and 105°F. Both days will likely remain mostly sunny and dry with only a 20% chance for a stray shower or thunderstorm. Just remember to stay hydrated and take several breaks if you have to work outside in the heat. The hottest weather will likely remain in west Alabama where we could see additional Heat Advisories.

Next Big Thing: It looks like a weak cold front will develop and push into central Alabama by the second half of the week. It will likely increase our chances to see scattered showers and storms Thursday through next Saturday.

With more cloud cover and higher rain chances, temperatures won't be as hot. We are looking at highs in the lower 90s Thursday and upper 80s Friday and Saturday. A few storms could be strong, so we'll have to watch radar trends for the second half of the week. Rainfall totals over the next five to seven days could average around an inch for most of central Alabama. Higher totals will remain possible in spots.

Tropical Update: As of the 4 a.m. update, Erin is now a Category 3 hurricane with winds up to 125 mph. It has slowed down a little and is moving to the west-northwest at 14 mph. Erin has weakened slightly because it is undergoing an eyewall replacement cycle. When this occurs, the eyewall collapses and develops a new and larger eye. When this cycle completes, the storm can intensify and grow in size. Erin is forecast to strengthen a little this afternoon and possibly regain Category 4 status by tonight. It will remain north of Puerto Rico and Hispaniola. It will also likely remain east of the Bahamas as it turns to the north. Erin will remain away from the United States East Coast. Erin is forecast to double in size as it moves northwards in the Atlantic. It will likely produce large waves and a high rip current threat all along the East Coast by the middle of this week. Bermuda will need to watch this storm for potential rain and wind impacts.

We are also watching two areas that have a low chance to develop into a tropical depression or storm. The first location is right off the Mid-Atlantic coast. A weak area of low pressure a couple hundred miles off the coast of North Carolina is producing disorganized showers and storms. It has a narrow window to develop through Monday, but odds remain at 10% for that to occur. The other tropical wave is moving off the coast of Africa. It has a 20% chance to develop over the next seven days as it moves into the Central Atlantic Ocean. We are entering the peak of the season which normally happens in mid-September. The season officially ends on November 30, 2025.


6. Republicans look to make a U-turn on federal commitment to electric vehicles for the Postal Service

WASHINGTON (AP) -- A year after being lauded for its plan to replace thousands of aging, gas-powered mail trucks with a mostly electric fleet, the U.S. Postal Service is facing congressional attempts to strip billions in federal EV funding.

In June, the Senate parliamentarian blocked a Republican proposal in a major tax-and-spending bill to sell off the agency's new electric vehicles and infrastructure and revoke remaining federal money. But efforts to halt the fleet's shift to clean energy continue in the name of cost savings.

Donald Maston, president of the National Rural Letter Carriers' Association, said canceling the program now would have the opposite effect, squandering millions of dollars.

"I think it would be shortsighted for Congress to now suddenly decide they're going to try to go backwards and take the money away for the EVs or stop that process because that's just going to be a bunch of money on infrastructure that's been wasted," he said.

Beyond that, many in the scientific community fear the government could pass on an opportunity to reduce carbon emissions that contribute to global warming when urgent action is needed.

Electrified vehicles reduce emissions

A 2022 University of Michigan study found the new electric postal vehicles could cut total greenhouse gas emissions by up to 20 million tons over the predicted, cumulative 20-year lifetime of the trucks. That's a fraction of the more than 6,000 million metric tons emitted annually in the United States, said professor Gregory A. Keoleian, co-director of the university's Center for Sustainable Systems. But he said the push toward electric vehicles is critical and needs to accelerate, given the intensifying impacts of climate change.

"We're already falling short of goals for reducing emissions," Keoleian said. "We've been making progress, but the actions being taken or proposed will really reverse decarbonization progress that has been made to date."

Many GOP lawmakers share President Donald Trump's criticism of the Biden-era green energy push and say the Postal Service should stick to delivering mail.

Sen. Joni Ernst, R-Iowa, said "it didn't make sense for the Postal Service to invest so heavily in an all-electric force." She said she will pursue legislation to rescind what is left of the $3 billion from the Inflation Reduction Act allocated to help cover the $10 billion cost of new postal vehicles.

Ernst has called the EV initiative a "boondoggle" and "a textbook example of waste," citing delays, high costs and concerns over cold-weather performance.

"You always evaluate the programs, see if they are working. But the rate at which the company that's providing those vehicles is able to produce them, they are so far behind schedule, they will never be able to fulfill that contract," Ernst said during a recent appearance at the Iowa State Fair, referring to Wisconsin-based Oshkosh Defense.

"For now," she added, "gas-powered vehicles -- use some ethanol in them -- I think is wonderful."

Corn-based ethanol is a boon to Iowa's farmers, but the effort to reverse course has other Republican support.

Rep. Michael Cloud, R-Texas, a co-sponsor of the rollback effort, has said the EV order should be canceled because the project "has delivered nothing but delays, defective trucks, and skyrocketing costs."

The Postal Service maintains that the production delay of the Next Generation Delivery Vehicles, or NGDVs, was "very modest" and not unexpected.

"The production quantity ramp-up was planned for and intended to be very gradual in the early months to allow time for potential modest production or supplier issues to be successfully resolved," spokesperson Kim Frum said.

EVs help in modernization effort

The independent, self-funded federal agency, which is paid for mostly by postage and product sales, is in the middle of a $40 billion, 10-year modernization and financial stabilization plan. The EV effort had the full backing of Democratic President Joe Biden, who pledged to move toward an all-electric federal fleet of car and trucks.

The "Deliver for America" plan calls for modernizing the ground fleet, notably the Grumman Long Life Vehicle, which dates back to 1987 and is fuel-inefficient at 9 mpg. The vehicles are well past their projected 24-year lifespan and are prone to breakdowns and even fires.

"Our mechanics are miracle workers," said Mark Dimondstein, president of the American Postal Workers Union. "The parts are not available. They fabricate them. They do the best they can."

The Postal Service announced in 2022 it would deploy at least 66,000 electric vehicles by 2028, including commercial off-the-shelf models, after years of deliberation and criticism it was moving too slowly to reduce emissions. By 2024, the agency was awarded a Presidential Sustainability Award for its efforts to electrify the largest fleet in the federal government.

Building new postal trucks

In 2021, Oshkosh Defense was awarded a contract for up to 165,000 battery electric and internal combustion engine Next Generation vehicles over 10 years.

The first of the odd-looking trucks, with hoods resembling a duck's bill, began service in Georgia last year. Designed for greater package capacity, the trucks are equipped with airbags, blind-spot monitoring, collision sensors, 360-degree cameras and antilock brakes.

There's also a new creature comfort: air conditioning.

Douglas Lape, special assistant to the president of the National Association of Letter Carriers and a former carrier, is among numerous postal employees who have had a say in the new design. He marvels at how Oshkosh designed and built a new vehicle, transforming an old North Carolina warehouse into a factory along the way.

"I was in that building when it was nothing but shelving," he said. "And now, being a completely functioning plant where everything is built in-house -- they press the bodies in there, they do all of the assembly -- it's really amazing in my opinion."

Where things stand now

The agency has so far ordered 51,500 NGDVs, including 35,000 battery-powered vehicles. To date, it has received 300 battery vehicles and 1,000 gas-powered ones.

Former Postmaster General Louis DeJoy said in 2022 the agency expected to purchase chiefly zero-emissions delivery vehicles by 2026. It still needs some internal combustion engine vehicles that travel longer distances.

Frum, the Postal Service spokesperson, said the planned NGDV purchases were "carefully considered from a business perspective" and are being deployed to routes and facilities where they will save money.

The agency has also received more than 8,200 of 9,250 Ford E-Transit electric vehicles it has ordered, she said.

Ernst said it's fine for the Postal Service to use EVs already purchased.

"But you know what? We need to be smart about the way we are providing services through the federal government," she said. "And that was not a smart move."

Maxwell Woody, lead author of the University of Michigan study, made the opposite case.

Postal vehicles, he said, have low average speeds and a high number of stops and starts that enable regenerative braking. Routes average under 30 miles and are known in advance, making planning easier.

"It's the perfect application for an electric vehicle," he said, "and it's a particularly inefficient application for an internal combustion engine vehicle."

____

Associated Press writer Hannah Fingerhut in Des Moines, Iowa, contributed to this report.


7. Editorial: We must push back against immigration policy overreach in Quad-Cities

It hasn't taken long for the shift in federal immigration policy to affect our Quad-Cities area communities.

In the past week we've heard two reports of Quad-Cities activities being impacted by fears of attendees being apprehended by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.

Frances Williams, executive director of Mercado on Fifth, said attendance is down 37% this summer compared to the same period in 2024. Mercado on Fifth is an outdoor, summer night market with taco trucks, live Latin music, vendor booths and crafters and retailers.

While the rising cost of living has contributed to the decline, Williams said many immigrant families have stopped attending events celebrating Hispanic and Latino pride, including Mercado on Fifth.

Listen now and subscribe: Apple Podcasts | Google Podcasts | Spotify | RSS Feed | Omny Studio | All Of Our Podcasts

"It's something that's hanging very heavily," Williams said. "People are just scared to leave their homes."

People are also reading... Man arrested for murdering Moline 11-year-old Trudy Appleby 29 years ago With kids constantly sick, mom tested and found mold toxicity coming from Quad-Cities elementary school Iowa 5-star freshman Iose Epenesa discusses carrying on family legacy with Hawkeyes 3 Takeaways from Iowa's Kids' Day open practice: A freshman running back flashes Online sex sting leads to arrest of Davenport man who allegedly went to mall to meet girl 74-year-old Bettendorf woman in critical condition after being struck by vehicle Tuesday Illinois posts new notice of Deere layoffs in East Moline; Deere has not confirmed cuts How will Iowa replace Jay Higgins, Nick Jackson and Kyler Fisher at linebacker? John Deere to lay off more than 200 employees across three factories Man awaiting trial on sex abuse-related charges accused in riot in which another person was beaten Davenport alderman ousted over sexual harassment allegations running to end 'era of corruption' Rock, country, blues, folk, pop: Your guide to all 70 music acts at Alternating Currents 2025 President/CEO of the YMCA of the Iowa Mississippi Valley retiring at the end of 2025 Scott County pays $1.3 million to house inmates elsewhere; Rock Island gets $508K for housing 121 from Scott County during fiscal year 'We are one step closer to closure': Indictment in Trudy Appleby case fosters hope for her uncle

Days later, the LULAC Council 5285, based in Moline, announced that it has canceled the Mexican Independence Day Parade & Fiesta planned for Sept. 14.

Along with road construction and insurance difficulties, a LULAC press release said another factor is community concern about ICE operations in public spaces.

"LULAC has prioritized the safety and peace of mind of all attendees, especially our most vulnerable neighbors," the release states. "We believe that no one should feel unsafe celebrating our heritage and traditions."

This isn't a new sentiment, but now seems to have reached the height of impacting the viability of events.

Months ago our reporters went to Columbus Junction, where 45.4% of the city's population is Hispanic or Latino. They found immigrants who'd lived in the town for years, put down roots, raised families, who were afraid to send their kids to basketball practice or shop downtown. Immigrants who helped shape the town over decades were afraid to be out in their community.

In July, more than 200 workers at an Ottumwa meatpacking plant were notified by their employer, JBS, that their work visas have been revoked and they now face potential deportation. Along with these jobs, many have families and have become part of the community.

In DeWitt, we talked with Liana Avetisian, whose family came to the United States to escape danger in their home country of Ukraine. Like thousands of Ukrainians, they received humanitarian parole status. But the administration has stopped processing applications for status renewals, meaning families that have become part our our communities are being forced to return to Ukraine.

In early April several students in Quad-Cities colleges and universities had their legal Student & Exchange Visitor Information System statuses changed. They were set to be deported without the public knowing why. Fortunately, their statuses were reinstated before they were forced to return home without finishing their school year. However, the message was sent to international college students that their time here is not guaranteed. The welcome mat had been removed.

This can't be what America voted for in November 2024. Secure the border, yes. Remove violent criminals who came here illegally, yes. And these things have happened. According to U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Border Patrol encountered 8,725 illegal crossings on the southwest border in May 2025. That compares to 117,905 crossings in May 2024. That's a positive development that gives the government more control over who and what comes into our country.

But the immigration push has not stopped there. Immigrants, who are here legally under a variety of statuses, are being uprooted, which has disrupted families and communities and propagated fear among immigrants in our cities and towns that is changing the way we live and grow here in the Quad-Cities.

This is not healthy for America, a country built and evolved by immigrants. We don't believe this is what Americans voted for in 2024 or what they support now.

It doesn't have to be this way. We can show our support for immigrants in our communities and defend them within our neighborhoods, schools and cities. We can voice our opposition to our state and federal legislators, and, as is being done already, we can protest.

We need to stop the immigration overreach and lift the fear that has cast a pall over our cities.

0 Comments Love 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Sad 0 Angry 0

Catch the latest in Opinion

Get opinion pieces, letters and editorials sent directly to your inbox weekly!

Sign up! * I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy.


8. Loyalty programmes in Ghana: The next frontier in customer retention - Ghanamma.com

In today's increasingly digital economy, customer loyalty is no longer earned by good service alone, it is maintained by smart, relevant engagement. Loyalty programs have become critical tools in this endeavor, and their evolution in Ghana presents an exciting shift in how brands, especially within the financial sector, connect with their customers.

The concept of loyalty programs has existed for over four decades, originating in the United States where airline miles became a pioneering form of customer retention. Over time, the strategy evolved into points systems, cashback schemes, exclusive rewards, and experiential benefits across industries from hospitality to retail to banking.

While much of this evolution happened in Western markets, Ghana is quickly catching up. With the surge in digital transactions particularly driven by mobile money, e-commerce, and card payments, there is now a clear opportunity to deepen customer relationships through loyalty strategies designed for our local context.

What has changed? Quite simply, Ghanaians are transacting differently. Consumers are more open to digital channels than ever before, and financial institutions are increasingly recognizing that loyalty needs to move beyond seasonal promotions and towards long-term value exchange.

Loyalty in Ghana: Still nascent, but poised for growth

In Ghana, loyalty programs are still relatively underdeveloped, especially in the banking sector. Many consumers remain unaware of the variety of payment card products available to them; debit, prepaid, credit, and the benefits that come with each. More importantly, the idea that everyday transactions can accumulate into tangible rewards is still novel to many.

However, the tide is shifting. Across retail, telecoms, and now banking, we are witnessing more interest in loyalty infrastructure not just as a marketing gimmick but as a way to build affinity and encourage repeat behaviour. The best loyalty programs are now data-driven, personalized, and embedded seamlessly into customer journeys.

The shift from cash to card and why loyalty matters

As digital adoption increases, particularly among younger demographics and urban consumers, the use of payment cards is gaining traction. Today's users are more likely to pay for subscriptions, shop online, or travel with their cards than they were even a few years ago. With that behaviour comes a need to acknowledge and reward usage in ways that feel meaningful.

Modern loyalty programs in the financial space now go beyond just cashback. They offer curated benefits like travel insurance, airport lounge access, merchant discounts, and points that can be redeemed across multiple platforms; from shopping to flights to hotel stays. It is not just about what customers spend but how and where they spend it.

The introduction of digital platforms that allow customers to track and redeem loyalty points in real time is enhancing transparency and reinforcing the sense of reward. These platforms allow customers to choose how they use their points, whether it's booking a weekend getaway or topping up for groceries.

A case in progress: Banking and the loyalty evolution

In recent years, a few banks in Ghana have started rolling out full-scale loyalty programs tied directly to card usage. These initiatives reward customers for POS transactions, online payments, and other non-cash activities, encouraging a shift away from ATM withdrawals and into more formalized, traceable financial habits.

One such initiative that has garnered attention is a tier-based loyalty program launched by Access Bank (Ghana) PLC, offering points for every spend above a minimum threshold. The innovation lies in its inclusivity, targeting not just premium clients but also gradually onboarding mass market users during key campaign seasons. The goal is to make loyalty accessible, not elitist.

Early data shows promising engagement, with customers already redeeming points for merchandise, lifestyle experiences, and even airline tickets. Perhaps most significantly, these programs promote a sense of connection, reminding customers that their bank sees and values their everyday decisions.

Looking Ahead: Loyalty as a strategic lever

As Ghana's financial landscape becomes more competitive, loyalty will become a key differentiator. But it must be more than window dressing. The future belongs to programs that are intuitive, rewarding, and emotionally resonant, ones that treat customers not just as account holders, but as valued partners in a long-term relationship.

This evolution requires education, especially around product differentiation and digital literacy. It also demands consistency. Customers must see that rewards are not occasional surprises but reliable returns for sustained engagement.

The loyalty journey in Ghana is still in its early days, but the momentum is undeniable. For those of us shaping the future of card products and customer experience, the opportunity to build genuine, data-informed loyalty is both exciting and long overdue.

-

By Rosemary Tham - Lead of Card Product Management, Access Bank Ghana

DISCLAIMER: The Views, Comments, Opinions, Contributions and Statements made by Readers and Contributors on this platform do not necessarily represent the views or policy of Multimedia Group Limited.

DISCLAIMER: The Views, Comments, Opinions, Contributions and Statements made by Readers and Contributors on this platform do not necessarily represent the views or policy of Multimedia Group Limited.


9. Republicans look to make a U-turn on federal commitment to electric vehicles for the Postal Service

WASHINGTON (AP) -- A year after being lauded for its plan to replace thousands of aging, gas-powered mail trucks with a mostly electric fleet, the U.S. Postal Service is facing congressional attempts to strip billions in federal EV funding.

In June, the Senate parliamentarian blocked a Republican proposal in a major tax-and-spending bill to sell off the agency's new electric vehicles and infrastructure and revoke remaining federal money. But efforts to halt the fleet's shift to clean energy continue in the name of cost savings.

Donald Maston, president of the National Rural Letter Carriers' Association, said canceling the program now would have the opposite effect, squandering millions of dollars.

People are also reading... La Crosse philanthropist arrested for drunken driving Winona woman accused of torturing bound toddler while filming Cashton area diner closes down - Steve Cahalan Raising Cane's opens Tuesday; ABRA shop moves to Onalaska - Steve Cahalan Woman arrested for meth after La Crosse police pursuit Area pizza place under new ownership - Steve Cahalan 10 must-try pizzerias in the Coulee Region La Crosse driver faces 4th drunken driving charge after Clinton St. crash Stolen motorcycle chase ends with arrest of Onalaska man 5 La Crosse area speedsters who could fly past opponents in the 2025 football season Mayor pushes to install city admin this fall instead of council's 2027 goal La Crosse police looking for 26-year-old missing person US Rep. Van Orden praises 'Big, Beautiful Bill' as constituent concerns linger Police warn of heavy traffic near Valley View Mall for Raising Cane's opening, other events next week Where will $57M in proposed La Crosse capital projects go in 2026?

"I think it would be shortsighted for Congress to now suddenly decide they're going to try to go backwards and take the money away for the EVs or stop that process because that's just going to be a bunch of money on infrastructure that's been wasted," he said.

Beyond that, many in the scientific community fear the government could pass on an opportunity to reduce carbon emissions that contribute to global warming when urgent action is needed.

Electrified vehicles reduce emissions

A 2022 University of Michigan study found the new electric postal vehicles could cut total greenhouse gas emissions by up to 20 million tons over the predicted, cumulative 20-year lifetime of the trucks. That's a fraction of the more than 6,000 million metric tons emitted annually in the United States, said professor Gregory A. Keoleian, co-director of the university's Center for Sustainable Systems. But he said the push toward electric vehicles is critical and needs to accelerate, given the intensifying impacts of climate change.

"We're already falling short of goals for reducing emissions," Keoleian said. "We've been making progress, but the actions being taken or proposed will really reverse decarbonization progress that has been made to date."

Many GOP lawmakers share President Donald Trump's criticism of the Biden-era green energy push and say the Postal Service should stick to delivering mail.

Sen. Joni Ernst, R-Iowa, said "it didn't make sense for the Postal Service to invest so heavily in an all-electric force." She said she will pursue legislation to rescind what is left of the $3 billion from the Inflation Reduction Act allocated to help cover the $10 billion cost of new postal vehicles.

Ernst has called the EV initiative a "boondoggle" and "a textbook example of waste," citing delays, high costs and concerns over cold-weather performance.

"You always evaluate the programs, see if they are working. But the rate at which the company that's providing those vehicles is able to produce them, they are so far behind schedule, they will never be able to fulfill that contract," Ernst said during a recent appearance at the Iowa State Fair, referring to Wisconsin-based Oshkosh Defense.

"For now," she added, "gas-powered vehicles -- use some ethanol in them -- I think is wonderful."

Corn-based ethanol is a boon to Iowa's farmers, but the effort to reverse course has other Republican support.

Rep. Michael Cloud, R-Texas, a co-sponsor of the rollback effort, has said the EV order should be canceled because the project "has delivered nothing but delays, defective trucks, and skyrocketing costs."

The Postal Service maintains that the production delay of the Next Generation Delivery Vehicles, or NGDVs, was "very modest" and not unexpected.

"The production quantity ramp-up was planned for and intended to be very gradual in the early months to allow time for potential modest production or supplier issues to be successfully resolved," spokesperson Kim Frum said.

EVs help in modernization effort

The independent, self-funded federal agency, which is paid for mostly by postage and product sales, is in the middle of a $40 billion, 10-year modernization and financial stabilization plan. The EV effort had the full backing of Democratic President Joe Biden, who pledged to move toward an all-electric federal fleet of car and trucks.

The "Deliver for America" plan calls for modernizing the ground fleet, notably the Grumman Long Life Vehicle, which dates back to 1987 and is fuel-inefficient at 9 mpg. The vehicles are well past their projected 24-year lifespan and are prone to breakdowns and even fires.

"Our mechanics are miracle workers," said Mark Dimondstein, president of the American Postal Workers Union. "The parts are not available. They fabricate them. They do the best they can."

The Postal Service announced in 2022 it would deploy at least 66,000 electric vehicles by 2028, including commercial off-the-shelf models, after years of deliberation and criticism it was moving too slowly to reduce emissions. By 2024, the agency was awarded a Presidential Sustainability Award for its efforts to electrify the largest fleet in the federal government.

Building new postal trucks

In 2021, Oshkosh Defense was awarded a contract for up to 165,000 battery electric and internal combustion engine Next Generation vehicles over 10 years.

The first of the odd-looking trucks, with hoods resembling a duck's bill, began service in Georgia last year. Designed for greater package capacity, the trucks are equipped with airbags, blind-spot monitoring, collision sensors, 360-degree cameras and antilock brakes.

There's also a new creature comfort: air conditioning.

Douglas Lape, special assistant to the president of the National Association of Letter Carriers and a former carrier, is among numerous postal employees who have had a say in the new design. He marvels at how Oshkosh designed and built a new vehicle, transforming an old North Carolina warehouse into a factory along the way.

"I was in that building when it was nothing but shelving," he said. "And now, being a completely functioning plant where everything is built in-house -- they press the bodies in there, they do all of the assembly -- it's really amazing in my opinion."

Where things stand now

The agency has so far ordered 51,500 NGDVs, including 35,000 battery-powered vehicles. To date, it has received 300 battery vehicles and 1,000 gas-powered ones.

Former Postmaster General Louis DeJoy said in 2022 the agency expected to purchase chiefly zero-emissions delivery vehicles by 2026. It still needs some internal combustion engine vehicles that travel longer distances.

Frum, the Postal Service spokesperson, said the planned NGDV purchases were "carefully considered from a business perspective" and are being deployed to routes and facilities where they will save money.

The agency has also received more than 8,200 of 9,250 Ford E-Transit electric vehicles it has ordered, she said.

Ernst said it's fine for the Postal Service to use EVs already purchased.

"But you know what? We need to be smart about the way we are providing services through the federal government," she said. "And that was not a smart move."

Maxwell Woody, lead author of the University of Michigan study, made the opposite case.

Postal vehicles, he said, have low average speeds and a high number of stops and starts that enable regenerative braking. Routes average under 30 miles and are known in advance, making planning easier.

"It's the perfect application for an electric vehicle," he said, "and it's a particularly inefficient application for an internal combustion engine vehicle."

Associated Press writer Hannah Fingerhut in Des Moines, Iowa, contributed to this report.

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Love 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Sad 0 Angry 0

Be the first to know

Get local news delivered to your inbox!

Sign up! * I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy.


10. Empress Gifty beats Black Sherif, King Promise, Stonebwoy to win Artiste of the Year - Ghanamma.com

Popular Gospel musician, Empress Gifty has emerged as the overall winner at the 2025 Ghana Music Awards US, clinching the prestigious Artiste of the Year title.

The event, which took place on August 16, 2025, at ACX1 Studios in Atlantic City, New Jersey, US, honored Ghanaian musical talents both in the United States and in Ghana.

The night saw various US-based Ghanaian artistes, including Jay Hover, C-Ben, Kay Rockz and many others, clinch awards during the event.

Special tributes were paid to late Highlife legends: Dada KD and Daddy Lumba, while Gyedu-Blay Ambolley was honoured with the Lifetime Achievement Award.

The night was also graced with performances by Empress Gifty, Comedian OB Amponsah, Gyedu-Blay Ambolley and Kofi Kinaata.

25th Ghana Music Awards: Full list of nominees

But the penultimate moment was when the award for the Artiste of the Year was announced.

The category faced strict competition from the likes of King Promise, Stonebwoy, Shatta Wale, Diana Hamilton, Joe Mettle, Fameye, KiDi, and King Paluta, but was won by Empress Gifty.

The overjoyed artiste climbed the stage with her politician husband, Hopeson Adorye, as she received her award.

She broke down in tears as she paid tribute to her mother and expressed her gratitude to God, the media and Kuami Eugene, who assisted her with her smash hit, 'Watch Me."

Empress Gifty's win was received with massive support from her fans and well-wishers who flooded social media with congratulatory messages.


💰 FINANCIAL SECTOR UPDATES
----------------------------------------

1. [Finlight] Air Canada strike: Government ends flight attendants’ walkout, services to resume but cancellations linger

Air Canada will restart flights on Sunday evening after the Canadian government intervened to end a strike by its 10,000 flight attendants that left more than 100,000 travellers stranded during the peak summer season.The airline, Canada’s largest, said it will take several days before operations return to normal and warned that some flights would remain cancelled over the next seven to 10 days until schedules stabilise.Federal Jobs Minister Patty Hajdu ordered attendants back to work less than 12 hours after they walked off the job at 1 a.m. on Saturday, citing the broader economic impact, AP reported.“Now is not the time to take risks with the economy,” Hajdu said, pointing to the unprecedented tariffs the US has imposed on Canada. The dispute has been referred to the Canada Industrial Relations Board, which extended the current collective agreement until a new one is decided by arbitration.The walkout had paralysed operations of the carrier, which runs nearly 700 flights daily. The shutdown was affecting about 130,000 passengers a day. Aviation analytics firm Cirium said Air Canada had cancelled 671 flights by Saturday afternoon, following 199 cancellations on Friday.Another 96 flights scheduled for Sunday were already suspended.The union had rejected Air Canada’s earlier request for government-directed arbitration, escalating the conflict. The government previously forced two major railroads into arbitration during a strike last year, a move unions challenged in court, arguing it weakened labour’s bargaining power. In this case, the Canadian Chamber of Commerce welcomed Ottawa’s intervention, and the Business Council of Canada had also urged binding arbitration.Hajdu stressed that Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s Liberal government is “not anti-union,” but added it was clear both sides were at an impasse.Air Canada announced that passengers affected by cancellations would be eligible for full refunds through its website or mobile app. It also promised to arrange alternative travel with other Canadian and foreign airlines “where possible,” but cautioned that immediate rebooking could not be guaranteed as flights on other carriers were already full during the busy summer season.The airline and the Canadian Union of Public Employees (CUPE) have been negotiating for nearly eight months without success. Pay remains the most contentious issue. Air Canada said its latest proposal offered a 38% increase in overall compensation, including benefits and pensions, over four years, a package that “would have made our flight attendants the best compensated in Canada.”The union disagreed, arguing that the proposed 8% raise in the first year fell short of addressing inflation and raised concerns about the unpaid work flight attendants perform when aircraft are not in the air.


2. [Finlight] Government orders striking Air Canada flight attendants to return to work

The Canadian government has forced flight attendants at Air Canada back to work, less than 12 hours after they began striking, and ordered binding arbitration over a dispute that has left more than 100,000 travellers stranded around the world during the peak summer travel season.

Since March, Canada’s largest airline and the union representing its flight attendants have been locked in an increasingly bitter dispute over what the union has described as “poverty wages” and unpaid labour. Flight attendants are currently not paid for any work before or after the plane takes off.

On Saturday, Canada’s federal jobs minister, Patty Hajdu, said it was clear the talks had reached an impasse and that the impact was being felt by Canadians and visitors across the country.

“The talks broke down,” said Hajdu as she told reporters that she had asked the Canada Industrial Relations Board to order an immediate end to the strike and to impose binding arbitration. “It is clear that the parties are not any closer to resolving some of the key issues that remain and they will need help with the arbitrator.”

She appeared to link her actions to the toll that US tariff hikes had taken on the Canadian economy. “In a year in which Canadian families and businesses have already experienced too much disruption and uncertainty, this is not the time to add additional challenges and disruptions to their lives and our economy,” she said in a statement.

The union representing the flight attendants decried the Liberal government for stepping in within hours, accusing it of violating their right to job action. Air Canada had reportedly previously requested that the government intervene to impose binding arbitration.

The government, said Wesley Lesosky of the Canadian Union of Public Employees, was giving “Air Canada exactly what they want – hours and hours of unpaid labour from underpaid flight attendants, while the company pulls in sky-high profits and extraordinary executive compensation”.

After issuing a strike notice earlier this week, flight attendants stopped work in the early hours of Saturday. Around the same time, Air Canada, which operates about 700 flights a day, said it would begin locking flight attendants out of airports.

According to the aviation analytics firm Cirium, the airline had cancelled 671 flights by Saturday afternoon, leaving some travellers stranded overseas and others scrambling to find alternatives during the busy summer travel season. About 130,000 customers a day could be affected by a disruption, according to the airline.

Air Canada has previously said it could take up to a week to resume full operations, meaning it was likely that travellers would continue to experience disruptions in the coming days. On Saturday, Air Canada said it had cancelled all flights, except those operated by regional third-party carriers, until at least Sunday afternoon.

The airline said earlier it had offered its flight attendants “an increase of more than 38% on global compensation”, but the union said the figure failed to fully account for inflation. Air Canada also said it was willing to pay flight attendants 50% of their wage for work done before planes take off, leading the union to reply that its members should be fully compensated for their labour.

About 70% of the airline’s flight attendants are women, said Natasha Stea, a local union president and flight attendant. She questioned whether they were being treated fairly, given that Air Canada pilots, the vast majority of whom are men, received a significant raise last year.

“We are heartbroken for our passengers,” she told the Associated Press late last week. “Nobody wants to see Canadians stranded or anxious about their travel plans, but we cannot work for free.”


3. [Finlight] European leaders to join Zelenskyy for Ukraine talks with Trump

BRUSSELS: European leaders will join Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his visit to Washington on Monday (Aug 18) seeking an end to Moscow's invasion, after President Donald Trump dropped his push for a ceasefire following his Alaska summit with Russian leader Vladimir Putin.

Securing a ceasefire in Ukraine, more than three years after the Kremlin ordered the invasion, had been one of Trump's core demands before the summit, to which Ukraine and its European allies were not invited.

But after a meeting that yielded no clear breakthrough, Trump ruled out an immediate ceasefire in Ukraine – a move that would appear to favour Putin, who has long argued for negotiations on a final peace deal.

Ukraine and its European allies have criticised it as a way to buy time and press Russia's battlefield advances, with German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, French President Emmanuel Macron and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen among the leaders set to try and bend Trump's ear on the matter.

Ahead of the Washington visit on Monday, von der Leyen said on X she would welcome Zelenskyy for a meeting in Brussels on Sunday, which other European leaders would join by video call, before accompanying the Ukrainian leader on his US trip at his "request" with "other European leaders".

The German government confirmed Merz was among those other European leaders, and would try to emphasise "interest in a swift peace agreement in Ukraine".

Finland said its president, Alexander Stubb, would also travel to Washington.


4. [Finlight] Kuwait rolls out strict new health rules: Bans tattoo devices, razor reuse, and tanning for minors

Kuwait has new rules for salons and gyms. Tattoo devices are now banned. Sharing razors is not allowed. Minors cannot use tanning services. Workers need health certificates. They must remove jewellery during work. Salons must use approved products. Sterilization is a must. A committee will check if everyone follows the rules. Penalties will be given for violations.


5. [Finlight] ‘Everything was covered in blood’: Former Miss Universe contestant dies at 30 after sustaining brain injuries; elk crashed through car windshield

Image: Instagram@/kseniyaalexandrova





A 30-year-old model and a former Miss Universe contestant has died from injuries sustained weeks after an accident in which an elk crashed through the windshield of her Porsche, as per reports.Kseniya Alexandrova sustained severe brain injuries in July as an elk crashed into her car while she was driving in Tver Oblast, Russia. She died in the hospital on August 12 from complications related to those injuries, People reported citing Russian media outlets.Alexandrova and her husband were driving home from Rzhev on July 5 when the accident happened. She was in the passenger seat while her husband was behind the wheel when the animal suddenly leapt onto the road."From the moment it jumped out to the impact, a split second passed. I didn't have time to do anything," Alexandrova’s husband was quoted as saying by Rossiskaya Gazeta. He recalled that Alexandrova was unconscious following the collision, adding that, “everything was covered in blood.”Other drivers reportedly stopped to assist with emergency services arriving within roughly 15 minutes, after which Alexandrova was rushed to the hospital, her husband said.While her husband survived, Alexandrova ultimately succumbed to her injuries earlier this week. They had reportedly gotten married four months before the accident took place.Alexandrova was the first runner-up in the 2017 Miss Russia competition and went on to represent the country at that year’s Miss Universe pageant. She studied finance and credit at Plekhanov Russian University of Economics in 2016 before later pursuing a psychology degree at Moscow State Pedagogical University, reported US Weekly.“Kseniya was bright [and] talented. She knew how to inspire, support and give warmth to everyone who was around. For us, she will forever remain a symbol of beauty, kindness and inner strength," Alexandrova’s modeling agency, Modus Vivendis said in a statement confirming her death.“We sincerely mourn and express our deepest condolences to her family, friends and everyone who had the good fortune to know Kseniya,” the statement read which was translated from Russian.


6. [Finlight] Bolivians head to the polls in elections marked by economic crisis

One of your browser extensions seems to be blocking the video player from loading. To watch this content, you may need to disable it on this site.

Try again


7. [Finlight] Protesters go on strike in Israel demanding ceasefire

Protestors in Israel demanding their government make a deal to secure the release of hostages held by militants in Gaza escalated their campaign on Sunday, (August 16) staging a strike. Meanwhile, Israel said it is preparing to move Palestinians from combat zones to southern Gaza. FRANCE 24's Noga Tarnopolsky tells us more. "It may be part of a psychological warfare operation to try and persuade Gazans to leave their homes or whatever spaces they were in, in central Gaza", she said.

Video by: Noga TARNOPOLSKY


8. [Finlight] FPI selloff: Rs 21,000 crore offloaded from Indian markets in August first half; Analysts cite US tariffs, Q1 earnings and rupee depreciation

Foreign portfolio investors offloaded Indian equity holdings by approximately Rs 21,000 crore in early August 2025, driven by US-India trade disputes, muted Q1 corporate results, and rupee depreciation.The total FPI equity outflows reached Rs 1.16 lakh crore in 2025, as per depository records. Meanwhile, depository data also show that FPIs withdrew Rs 20,975 crore from equities through August 14. This follows July's Rs 17,741 crore withdrawal, which contrasts with the Rs 38,673 crore investment during March to June.The reduced US-Russia tensions and absence of new sanctions indicate that the proposed 25 per cent secondary tariff on India might not be implemented after August 27, benefiting markets, according to Vaqarjaved Khan, CFA - Senior Fundamental Analyst, Angel One, as quoted by PTI.S&P's upgrade of India's credit rating from BBB- to BBB could positively influence FPI outlook, he further noted."The sustained outflows are being driven primarily by a confluence of global uncertainties. Heightened geopolitical tensions and ambiguity surrounding the interest rate trajectory in developed economies, particularly the United States, have contributed to a risk-averse sentiment," stated Himanshu Srivastava, Associate Director - Manager Research, Morningstar Investment Research India.The strengthening US dollar has reduced emerging market investments' appeal, including India's, he explained.VK Vijayakumar, Chief Investment Strategist, Geojit Investments, attributed the outflows to modest earnings growth and high valuations.Continuous selling affected IT sector performance, while banking and financial sectors remained stable due to reasonable valuations and institutional investment.Conversely, FPIs invested Rs 4,469 crore in debt general limits and Rs 232 crore through the voluntary retention route during this period.


9. [Finlight] Tesla Offers $33/Hour Robotaxi Jobs, BYD Sets India Record, Chinese EV CEO Pushes Rivals, Ford Unveils TSLA-Like Platform — Weekly Mobility Recap

The past week in the electric vehicle (EV) industry was nothing short of electrifying. From Tesla’s Chinese rival Xiaomi experiencing overwhelming demand to Ford Motor Co (NYSE:F) unveiling its universal EV platform, the industry was abuzz with developments. Here’s a quick recap of the top stories.
Xiaomi’s EV Success
Known for its smartphones and often dubbed the “Apple of China,” Xiaomi is making waves in the EV market. The demand for the company’s YU7 model is so high that the CEO is suggesting consumers consider other EV brands if they want to get their hands on a vehicle soon.
Read the full article here.

Ford’s Universal EV Platform
Ford Motor Company has revealed a Universal EV Platform for a midsize electric truck. The platform emphasizes simpler construction, streamlined manufacturing, and a structural battery for increased efficiency. Goldman Sachs analyst Mark Delaney maintained a Neutral rating on Ford, with a price forecast of $11.
Read the full article here.
BYD’s Sales Record In India
Chinese EV manufacturer BYD Co. Ltd. has set a new sales record in India, even as Tesla Inc. expands in the country. BYD’s local franchise partner reported a shift in customer behavior, with most considering BYD as their primary vehicle.
Read the full article here.
Uber’s EV Incentive Program
Ride-hailing giant Uber Technologies Inc (NYSE:UBER) has partnered with the Colorado Department of Public Health & Environment to roll out a new EV incentive program. The program offers savings of up to $21,500 for EV drivers in Colorado.
Read the full article here.
Tesla’s Robotaxi Test Drivers
Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) is offering up to $33 per hour for NYC test operators of its Robotaxi. The move comes amid CEO Elon Musk‘s ambitious plans for the robotaxi sector.
Read the full article here.


Sea Stock Jumps As E-Commerce, Fintech, Gaming All Deliver Double-Digit Growth


This story was generated using Benzinga Neuro and edited by Ananya Gairola


10. [Finlight] ‘Stunning survival story’: Police rescue California man trapped behind waterfall for two days

A California man who recently became trapped behind a waterfall for two days while climbing was dramatically rescued by police utilizing a helicopter.

Ryan Wardwell, 46, of Long Beach, went to waterfalls known as the Seven Teacups on 10 August with plans to rappel down, the sheriff’s office of Tulare country said in a social media post. But the “extreme hydraulics” of the waterfalls pushed Wardwell off his rappelling lines and trapped him behind a cascade of the Kern river, according to the sheriff’s office.

His failure to return to his car that night prompted local law enforcement to spend 11 August searching for him with infrared technology and aircraft. Difficult terrain and fading daylight thwarted their efforts that day. But rescuers found Wardwell the next day after flying a drone behind the cascade in question.

Wardwell was alive and conscious when rescuers spotted him, and he told them how he had become stranded there, the Tulare county sheriff’s office said. A California highway patrol helicopter crew then managed to hoist him to safety to cap off what the sheriff’s office declared a “stunning survival story”.

Wardwell received treatment for dehydration and “only minor injuries”, and he was reunited with family who had gone to the scene, the sheriff’s office said.

The agency published video of Wardwell’s rescue on Facebook, where it captured attention from news media outlets that reported on the situation. The clip showed the helicopter whipping around foliage and water around the cascade before the crew lifted Wardwell onboard.

An attraction for hiking and outdoors adventure enthusiasts, the Seven Teacups are in a secluded area about two hours south of the Sequoia national park, which itself is east of Visalia, California.

Wardwell had rappelled the falls several times before, the San Francisco Chronicle reported. On his 10 August trip there, friends had accompanied him, though they opted to stop going further after seeing the rushing water’s power, California highway patrol flight officer paramedic Mike Crane said to the Chronicle.

According to the outlet, Wardwell’s friends left a note on his car telling passersby to report him missing if the vehicle was still there the next day, which it was.

Wardwell ended up nestling himself in a dark cave beneath the waterfall – completely soaked – after being thrusted off his rappel lines, the Chronicle added.

Tulare county sheriff’s office captain Kevin Kemmerling told the Chronicle that Wardwell fought to escape for two days, “but there was nothing he could do to break through”.

“There was no way for him to warm up or dry out in there, so it had to have been miserable,” Kemmerling said to the newspaper.

Crane, speaking to the Chronicle, added: “I got the impression that maybe he didn’t know if he was ever going to get out of there.”

The Tulare sheriff’s office said in its statement that it reminded members of the public “to always be aware of their environment and capabilities, especially when navigating white water rivers” like the one at the Seven Teacups.

“Stay safe, stay smart and stay alive,” the statement from the sheriff’s office said.


💻 TECHNOLOGY HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

1. Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems - SiliconANGLE

Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems

Two of the largest enterprise infrastructure vendors announced product line expansions designed to give customers more options for deploying artificial intelligence workloads at scale. New offerings from Dell Technologies Inc. and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. include systems and software updates that incorporate Nvidia Corp.'s latest graphics processing unit technology and AI software, alongside tools from other partners, to help organizations move from AI experimentation to production.

Dell said it's updating its AI Data Platform with new components aimed at improving unstructured data ingestion, transformation, retrieval and compute performance. The platform is designed to handle the full AI workload lifecycle, from data ingestion to agentic inference to knowledge retrieval.

A new unstructured data engine developed in collaboration with Elasticsearch BV provides real-time, secure access to large-scale unstructured datasets, supporting advanced vector search, semantic retrieval and hybrid keyword search. The engine integrates GPU acceleration and Nvidia NeMo Retriever microservices for use in retrieval-augmented generation applications.

The Dell AI Data Platform also integrates a federated SQL engine from Starburst Data Inc. for querying multiple data sources without moving the data, and an Apache Spark-based data processing engine for batch and real-time analytics. They sit alongside Dell's PowerScale and ObjectScale storage systems, which support structured, semi-structured and unstructured data.

On the hardware side, Dell introduced PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers equipped with Nvidia RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell Server Edition GPUs, which are data center-class graphics and compute processors built on Nvidia's Blackwell architecture and designed for AI inference, visual computing, engineering simulation and virtual workstation workloads. Dell said the new GPUs can deliver up to six times the token throughput for large language model inference compared to its previous generation, along with higher engineering simulation performance and support for more concurrent users.

The R7725 will be the first 2U server to integrate the Nvidia AI Data Platform reference design, a validated blueprint for building GPU-accelerated infrastructure. Dell said the pairing yields a turnkey system for fast inferencing, semantic search and large AI workloads.

HPE said it's expanding its line of AI-optimized systems with new configurations that also use Nvidia's Blackwell architecture GPUs, as well as the latest Nvidia AI models. The company said these updates are intended to support both agentic AI -- or systems that complete tasks autonomously or with little supervision tasks - and physical AI, which involves AI control of robotics and other hardware systems.

HPE is also adding new options to its Cray XD670 and XD675 servers that allow them to be configured with Nvidia GB200 NVL72 systems for large-scale AI training, or with RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell GPUs for inference and smaller-scale workloads. HPE said both are pre-integrated with Nvidia's AI Enterprise software suite, including the NeMo framework and pretrained models such as Nvidia Nemotron for agentic AI and Cosmos for physical AI applications.

The company is also updating its GreenLake for AI offering to support the new systems. GreenLake is a consumption-based model for deploying AI infrastructure, allowing organizations to scale GPU resources as needed while keeping workloads on-premises or in colocation facilities. HPE said its Private Cloud AI will support the latest versions of the Nemotron and Cosmos models, as well as the latest Nvidia Blueprint for Video Search and Summarization.

Both companies' announcements center on integrating Nvidia's Blackwell-generation GPUs and related AI software into systems aimed at enterprises. Dell's focus is on connecting AI models to high-quality enterprise data, especially unstructured data, while HPE is emphasizing large-scale training and deployment of both agentic and physical AI models.

The announcements are part of a broader trend by infrastructure vendors to provide turnkey AI infrastructure that combines hardware, storage, networking and AI frameworks in pre-tested configurations.

Dell said its updated AI Data Platform with the unstructured data engine will be available later this year, alongside the PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers with RTX PRO 6000 GPUs. HPE said its updated Cray XD systems and GreenLake AI configurations will also be available in the coming months.


2. China's Tech Boom Attracts Foreign Investment Surge

The rhythmic hum of robotic arms in Suzhou factories and the digital pulse of Shanghai's AI labs tell an economic success story decades in the making. China has surpassed its ambitious five-year foreign direct investment (FDI) target of $700 billion ahead of schedule, with utilized FDI hitting $708.73 billion by mid-2024 -- a powerful rebuttal to narratives of foreign capital flight. This milestone, achieved amid global protectionist headwinds, underscores China's transformation into a high-tech investment magnet where innovation outpaces politics.

Despite geopolitical turbulence and supply chain realignments, China's patient cultivation of foreign enterprise is yielding historic dividends. Ministry of Commerce data reveals foreign firms now drive one-third of China's foreign trade, contribute 25% of industrial value-added output, and account for 1 in 7 tax dollars. Critically, they've generated over 30 million jobs since 2019 -- equivalent to the population of Malaysia. The 14th Five-Year Plan's $700 billion FDI target, once viewed as ambitious, was eclipsed six months early. In H1 2024 alone, 30,014 new foreign-invested firms registered across China -- an 11.7% YoY surge. While overall utilized FDI dipped 15.2% to $58.9 billion due to 2023's record-high baseline, the structural shift toward high-value sectors signals enduring confidence. As Franz Decker, BMW Brilliance Automotive CEO, asserted during the opening of their Nanjing R&D hub: "China demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation."

China's innovation pivot is rewriting FDI playbooks. Foreign capital flowing into high-tech industries leaped from 28.3% of total FDI in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023 -- a trajectory accelerating in 2024. E-commerce services saw explosive 130% YoY FDI growth in H1, while AI, biotech, and advanced manufacturing drew multinationals seeking China's "new quality productive forces." The Third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in June became a showcase for this transformation, featuring BMW's new Nanjing facility -- its largest Asian IT R&D center -- designed to leverage China's "rapidly evolving tech landscape." Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang, attending CISCE, observed: "China's supply chain is a miracle -- the world's largest and most complex, built on deep technology, AI and software. Technology adoption here is so fast, it sets global trends." This tech-led FDI boom reflects China's 9% average FDI return rate -- among the world's highest -- and validates Beijing's 2024 Action Plan stabilizing foreign investment through streamlined approvals and market access.

The H1 2024 FDI dip requires contextual understanding. OECD data shows global FDI fell 7% in 2023, with developing Asia experiencing steeper declines. China's contraction aligns with this trend while masking sectoral dynamism. Crucially, reinvested earnings by existing foreign enterprises -- a key FDI metric -- remain robust as firms like BASF and Tesla expand Chinese facilities. The State Council's 24-point guidelines for foreign investors, emphasizing intellectual property protection and equal procurement access, further anchor confidence. As the Ministry of Commerce emphasized in its June policy briefing: "Quality supersedes quantity -- we welcome capital aligned with high-end manufacturing and digital transformation."

China's $708 billion FDI milestone proves its economic resilience isn't cyclical but structural -- built on world-class infrastructure, deep talent pools, and unwavering commitment to innovation-led growth. For global investors, the calculus remains clear: overlooking China's high-tech transformation means missing the defining economic opportunity of our decade. Explore partnership opportunities through China's International Investment Promotion Agency to position your enterprise at the convergence of technology and growth.

China's 14th Five-Year Plan targeted $700 billion in cumulative foreign direct investment between 2021-2025. Ministry of Commerce data confirms this goal was surpassed six months early, reaching $708.73 billion by June 2024.

High-tech industries now dominate China FDI flows, rising from 28.3% of total investment in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023. E-commerce, AI, and advanced manufacturing led growth, with e-commerce FDI surging nearly 130% YoY in H1 2024.

BMW CEO Franz Decker cited China's "remarkable vitality in digital innovation ecosystems" when launching their Nanjing R&D center. Proximity to tech talent, rapid commercialization, and supportive industrial policies make China indispensable for global innovation.

Officials attribute H1 2024's 15.2% FDI dip to 2023's unusually high baseline and global trends. The 2024 "Stabilizing Foreign Investment" Action Plan counters concerns through market access easing and IP protections.

At approximately 9%, China's FDI return rate outperforms most major economies, according to World Bank investment viability analyses. This sustains appeal despite geopolitical uncertainties.

Data contradicts this narrative. Beyond record cumulative FDI, 30,014 new foreign firms registered in H1 2024 -- an 11.7% YoY increase -- with expansions by firms like Nvidia and BASF confirming long-term commitment.


3. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


4. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


5. Economic Watch: China's AI Tech Boosts Global Trade Efficiency, Facilitates Supply Chain

Beijing: To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q and A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing. "Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

According to Namibia Press Agency, during discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade. Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model. "The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes. At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms. The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images, and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for the overseas market. Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba. As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in the global trade landscape. At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent, and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world." China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi, and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce. Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


6. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

A visitor tries a pair of glasses at the booth of TCL in the Digital Technology Chain area of the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China, July 19, 2025. [Photo/Xinhua]

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30% The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95%, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

Open Source

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40% compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10% of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9% year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


7. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

This photo taken on July 17, 2025 shows robots at the booth of Nvidia during the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China. (Xinhua/Ding Hongfa)

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


8. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


9. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


10. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


🎯 MARKET SYNTHESIS
----------------------------------------
Total stories analyzed: 89
Overall news sentiment: Positive (0.12)

Data Sources:
  • Financial Modeling Prep (FMP) - Market data & calendar
  • NewsAPI.ai - World, USA, and tech news
  • Finlight - Financial market news

================================================================================
END OF BRIEFING