PREMIUM MORNING MARKET BRIEFING
Generated: August 17, 2025 at 11:13 AM ET
================================================================================

📅 ECONOMIC CALENDAR
----------------------------------------
No major economic events scheduled for today.

📊 PREMARKET OVERVIEW
----------------------------------------
Index Futures: Markets closed - Weekend

Cryptocurrency (24hr):
  • BTC: $118,297.94 (+0.72%)
  • ETH: $4,555.61 (+2.95%)
  • BNB: $860.12 (+2.49%)

🌍 WORLD NEWS DIGEST
----------------------------------------

1. Indian community celebrates independence day in Dublin

Hundreds of people have participated in an event marking India Day in Dublin, as gardai and the Government sought to assure the community it was taking action against racially motivated crime.

The free event at Merrion Square came despite a separate celebration being called off following concern over recent attacks on the Indian community.

Minister for Justice Jim O'Callaghan has expressed concern over "totally unacceptable" attacks on the Indian community, adding that the majority appear to have been carried out by young people.

Mr O'Callaghan said he engaged extensively with the Garda commissioner on the matter, and senior investigating officers had been assigned to investigate all reported incidents.

Sunday's celebration, organised for India's 79th independence day, featured music, dance, food stalls, exhibition stands and a range of cultural activities.

Sanjeeb Barik, the secretary of organising group the Federation of Indian Communities in Ireland, said the event had gone well amid "fantastic and beautiful weather".

"Lots of people are here, there's food and dancing and lots of fun."

Asked about the engagement with Government and gardai, Mr Barik said the event had received "good support".

Speaking to the PA news agency, he said: "Naturally, because there has been so many incidents there was some concern.

"We have been actively discussing with ministers, junior ministers and the Minister of Justice and they have all assured us that appropriate safety measures would be in place - and they are.

"We're working very closely to make sure everyone would be safe and, importantly, that it would be enjoyable for everyone."

Mr Barik said they wanted to go ahead with the celebrations to send a message about the importance of standing together.

"It has been a challenging time but the main thing is to come together as a community and celebrate our heritage

"There are people from all backgrounds here - Indian, Irish and others - from all over the the island.

"It is about the strength of bonding and sowing the richness of India and Ireland's multicultural spirit."

He added: "We are saying come together, stand together. Celebrate unity and diversity - and I hope that will continue."

Inspector Ciaran Nunan from the Garda diversity unit said hate crimes are attacks on the whole community.

"The mission statement of An Garda Siochana is keeping people safe, and this refers to individuals, families, communities and society as a whole.

"It also now includes hate crime. Hate crime is not just an attack on a person, it's an attack on the community.

"An Garda Siochana is very aware of the impact that hate crime has upon individuals and communities, and we take it very, very seriously.

"Since our last India Day celebration last year, we now have hate crime legislation in force and we're applying that legislation at every opportunity - but we need people to report incidents of hate crime to us so that we can then take them on board and react to those."

He added: "So I would encourage everybody or anybody that perceives to be a victim of a hate crime to please report it to An Garda Siochana, and allow us to continue what we're doing and work with our communities to keep people safe."The Dublin event was attended by Akhilesh Mishra, ambassador of India to Ireland, and Minister of State Emer Higgins.

The Ireland India Council, a separate group, said there had been an organised social media campaign against the Indian community in the country and the number of violent attacks has intensified since January.

Last week, it said it took the "difficult" decision to postpone its planned event at Farmleigh House over concerns for the safety of the community.


2. European leaders to shore up Ukraine's Zelenskyy for DC talks with Trump

European leaders will join Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his visit to Washington, DC on Monday, seeking an end to the Russia-Ukraine war, after United States President Donald Trump dropped both his push for a ceasefire and the threat of punitive actions against Russia following his Alaska summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin.

Securing a ceasefire in Ukraine, more than three years after Russia's invasion, had been one of Trump's core demands before Friday's Alaska summit, to which Ukraine and its European allies were not invited.

Special US envoy Steve Witkoff said on Sunday that Putin agreed at the summit with Trump to allow the US and European allies to offer Ukraine a security guarantee resembling NATO's collective defence mandate as part of an eventual deal to end the 3 1/2-year war.

"We were able to win the following concession: That the United States could offer Article 5-like protection, which is one of the real reasons why Ukraine wants to be in NATO," he said on the CNN news programme State of the Union. Witkoff said it was the first time he had heard Putin agree to that.

Ukraine's Zelenskyy, speaking in Brussels on Sunday after meeting European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, said the current front lines of the war should be the basis for peace talks.

"We need real negotiations, which means we can start where the front line is now," Zelenskyy said, adding that European leaders support this and reiterating his long-held position that it was necessary to establish a ceasefire in order to then negotiate a final deal.

But after the summit on Friday with Putin yielded no clear breakthrough, Trump ruled out an immediate ceasefire - a move that aligns with Putin, who has long argued for negotiations on a final peace deal.

According to a New York Times report, after his meeting with Putin, the US president also told European leaders that he had offered to support a plan to end the war that involved Ukraine giving up parts of its territory to Russia.

Ukraine and its European allies have criticised Putin's stance as a way to buy time and press Russia's battlefield advances, and they have expressed unease over Trump's land swap proposal from the outset.

In an effort to try show a firm, united front to the US president in White House talks on Monday, German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, French President Emmanuel Macron, British Prime Minister Keir Starmer, NATO Secretary-General Mark Rutte, Finland's President Alexander Stubb, Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni and von der Leyen will accompany Zelenskyy to Washington, DC.

"The talks will address, among other things, security guarantees, territorial issues, and continued support for Ukraine in its defence against Russian aggression," the German government said in a statement about the trip to the US capital. "This includes maintaining pressure on sanctions."

Ahead of the visit, von der Leyen said on X that she would welcome Zelenskyy for a meeting in Brussels on Sunday, which other European leaders would join by video, before accompanying the Ukrainian leader on his US trip at his "request" and with "other European leaders".

Strength and safety in numbers appear to be factors in the group visit, with memories still fresh about the hostile reception Zelenskyy received in February from Trump and US Vice-President JD Vance in a public White House dressing-down, castigating the Ukrainian leader as being ungrateful and "disrespectful".

While Zelenskyy has welcomed Trump's efforts to end the war, in a post on social media on Saturday, he warned that "it may take a lot of effort to get Russia to have the will to implement far greater - peaceful coexistence with its neighbors for decades".

The Ukrainian president has also repeatedly reiterated that Kyiv will not swap any of its land to attain a ceasefire. Ukraine's constitution forbids the ceding of territory.

According to Zelenskyy, Putin has asked that Russia be handed over all of Ukraine's eastern Donetsk region, a third of which Kyiv still holds.

In exchange, Russian forces would halt their offensive in the Black Sea port region of Kherson and Zaporizhia in southern Ukraine, where the main cities are still under Ukrainian control.

Earlier this month, the Ukrainian president said that "Ukrainians will not give their land to the occupier" and pointed out that he doesn't have the authority to sign off on land swaps. He said that changing Ukraine's 1991 borders runs counter to the country's constitution.

Russia launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 and has been gradually advancing for months.

In his statement after the Alaska summit, Putin signalled no movement in Russia's long-held demands, which also include a veto on Kyiv's desired membership in the NATO alliance.

He also warned Ukraine and its European allies not to "create any obstacles" and "that they will not attempt to disrupt the emerging progress through provocation or behind-the-scenes intrigue".

The diplomatic focus now switches to Zelenskyy's talks at the White House on Monday with the European leaders in tow.

Secretary of State Marco Rubio said getting to a peace agreement would still take a lot of work.

"We're not at the precipice of a peace agreement," he said. "We made progress in the sense that we identified potential areas of agreement, but there remains some big areas of disagreement. So we're still a long ways off."

"Now, ultimately, if there isn't a peace agreement, if there isn't an end of this war, the president's been clear, there are going to be consequences," he told ABC's 'This Week.' "But we're trying to avoid that. And the way we're trying to avoid those consequences is with an even better consequence, which is peace, the end of hostilities."

Al Jazeera's Hashem Ahelbarra, reporting from Brussels, said Ukraine and the EU were "walking a fine line" during the press conference. While attempting to show a united front, they were also mindful of avoiding any strong statements that could further upset the Trump administration.

Zelenskyy and Von der Leyen where intentionally vague when asked about a ceasefire - which they had long cast a prerequisite for further talks - saying that terminology did not matter.

"They are waiting to hear what Trump is going to offer tomorrow in DC," Ahelbarra said.


3. Shooting at a restaurant in New York: 3 dead, 8 injured.

It was reported that three people lost their lives and eight others were injured in a shooting at a restaurant in New York City, USA. According to NBC News, the shooting took place at a restaurant called "Taste Of The City Lounge" in the Crown Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn. New York Police Department (NYPD) Commissioner Jessica Tisch stated at a press conference that there were multiple attackers involved in the incident, and she mentioned that the investigation is ongoing and no one has been arrested yet.

Tisch expressed that two men aged 27 and 35, along with an unidentified man, lost their lives in the attack, and she stated that the eight injured individuals were taken to nearby hospitals and are not in life-threatening condition.


4. Superman actor dies as family pay sad tribute to 'extraordinary' star

Superman actor Terence Stamp has reportedly died aged 87, his family as confirmed. The movie star is best known for playing General Zod in the Hollywood hits Superman and Superman II.

Stamp, who was an Oscar nominated actor, also appeared in Pier Paolo Pasolini's Theorem in 1968, A Season in Hell in 1971 and The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert in 1994, where he starred as a transgender woman.

The actor is said to have died this morning. Stamp was born in London's East End in 1938 as the son of a tugboat stoker. His early years saw him endure the bombing of the city during World War Two.

Before leaving school to work in advertising, Stamp won a scholarship to go to drama school. "He leaves behind an extraordinary body of work, both as an actor and as a writer that will continue to touch and inspire people for years to come," the family said in a statement.

"We ask for privacy at this sad time," reports the Daily Mail. His cause of death has not been reported.

Stamp was known for his good looks and dress sense alongside his acting as he was dubbed one of Britain's most glamorous couples with Julie Christie. They had starred together in Far From the Madding Crowd in 1967.

The actor also dated model Jean Shrimpton, and became photographer David Bailey's muse. Stamp lost out on the role of James Bond but went on to work in Italian films.

He worked with Federico Fellini in the late 1960s. Stamp decided to take a break from the glitzy world of Hollywood fame as he studied yoga in India.

However, upon his return he bagged his most high-profile role. He appeared as General Zod, the megalomaniacal leader of the Kryptonians, in Superman in 1978 and its sequel in 1980.

This is a breaking showbiz news story. Join The Mirror 's WhatsApp Community or follow us on Google News , Flipboard , Apple News, TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads - or visit The Mirror homepage.


5. Cloudburst hits Kashmir pilgrimage route, killing 46, many missing

SRINAGAR, India: A sudden, intense downpour triggered deadly flooding in Indian Kashmir's Kishtwar district on August 14, killing at least 46 people and leaving more than 200 missing, officials said.

It is the second major weather-related disaster in the Himalayas in just over a week.

The incident struck Chasoti town, a key stop on the pilgrimage route to the Machail Mata temple, when floodwaters swept away a community kitchen and a security post set up for pilgrims. "A large number of pilgrims had gathered for lunch and they were washed away," said one official, who spoke on condition of anonymity.

The Machail yatra pilgrimage attracts thousands of devotees each year to the high-altitude shrine, which is dedicated to a form of the Hindu goddess Durga. Pilgrims typically trek from Chasoti, where vehicle access ends, to the temple.

Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah described the situation as "grim" in a post on X, noting that verified updates from the disaster zone were slow to arrive. Television footage showed pilgrims screaming as water surged through the village.

Divisional commissioner Ramesh Kumar told ANI news agency that the disaster occurred at around 11:30 a.m. local time. Police, disaster response teams, and army and air force personnel were deployed for search and rescue operations.

The Indian Meteorological Department defines a cloudburst as a sudden downpour of over 100 mm (4 inches) of rain in one hour. It is capable of unleashing flash floods and landslides, particularly dangerous in mountainous regions during the monsoon season.

The local weather office in Srinagar has warned of intense rainfall in several parts of Kashmir, including Kishtwar. Residents are advised to avoid unstable structures, power poles, and old trees, as mudslides and flash floods remain a threat.


6. 327 people killed in Pakistan after flash floods, weather department warns of heavy rains | Today News

Pakistan's weather authorities on 17 August 2025, warned the people of the nation of heavier torrential rains, as the death toll from the flash floods. Nearly 650 people have died due to these rains since their beginning in June 2025.

Pakistan's weather authorities on Sunday, 17 August 2025, warned the people of the nation of heavier torrential rains as the death toll from the flash floods hit 327, reported the news agency PTI.

The monsoon and heavy rainfall, which have been lashing the nation since 26 June 2025, have wreaked havoc around the cities, causing the deaths of nearly 650 people since their beginning, as per the news report.

The weather agency of Pakistan issued a heavy rain alert countrywide from 17 August to 21 August 2025, recommending people in the North-Western region of the country to take 'precautionary measures.'

Pakistan's National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) also warned the people of the nation about downpours, which began earlier than usual this year, that are expected to continue with greater intensity over the next fortnight, according to the agency report.

"Partly cloudy weather with rain-wind/thundershower is expected in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Kashmir, Islamabad, Punjab, North/Southeast Sindh, North/Southeast Balochistan and Gilgit-Baltistan. Isolated heavyfalls are also expected in Upper Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Potohar region, Kashmir and Northeastern Punjab," said PMD in its website.

PMD data also showed that they authorities are expecting heavy rainfalls starting Tuesday, 19 August 2025. The weather is set to remain the same till Wednesday, with some potential recovery starting from Thursday, 21 August 2025.

According to the agency report, more tan 200 people were killed in worst impact of the rains in Buner, while many other are feared as trapped under the rubble in remote villages and many remain missing, said the officials.

The authorities are conducting rescue operations with nearly 2,000 personnel deployed in the region but the destruction has made relief efforts complicated for the workers.

"Heavy rainfall, landslides and washed-out roads are severely hampering rescue efforts, particularly the transportation of heavy machinery and ambulances," Bilal Ahmed Faizi, spokesman for Khyber Pakhtunkhwa's rescue agency told the news portal.

Pakistan Army's Corps of Engineers Urban Search and Rescue (USAR) team has also launched rescue operations in Buner, Shangla, and Swat, using advanced equipment to locate injured people and recover bodies trapped under the rubble.

As per a briefing from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Chief Minister Ali Amin Khan Gandapur, seven village councils the distrct were hit by cloudbursts, damaging a total of 5,380 houses. So far, 209 deaths have been reported, 134 people remain missing, and 159 others sustained injuries.

"No effort will be spared in the rehabilitation of flood victims. The provincial government will provide all necessary resources on a priority basis," said Gandapur, according to the agency report.


7. European leaders to join Ukraine's Zelenskyy for meeting with Trump

Kyiv: European and NATO leaders announced Sunday they will join President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Washington for talks with President Donald Trump on ending Russia's war in Ukraine, with the possibility of US security guarantees now on the negotiating table.

Leaders from France, Britain and Germany are rallying around the Ukrainian leader after his exclusion from Trump's summit on Friday with Russian President Vladimir Putin.

Their pledge to be at Zelenskyy's side at the White House on Monday is an apparent effort to ensure the meeting goes better than the last one in February, when Trump berated Zelenskyy in a heated Oval Office encounter.

"The Europeans are very afraid of the Oval Office scene being repeated and so they want to support Mr. Zelenskyy to the hilt," said retired French Gen. Dominique Trinquand, a former head of France's military mission at the United Nations.

"It's a power struggle and a position of strength that might work with Trump," he said.

Special US envoy Steve Witkoff said Sunday that Putin agreed at the meeting in Alaska with Trump to allow the US and European allies to offer Ukraine a security guarantee resembling NATO's collective defence mandate as part of an eventual deal to end the 3 1/2-year war.

European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, speaking at a news conference in Brussels with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, said that "we welcome President Trump's willingness to contribute to Article 5-like security guarantees for Ukraine. And the Coalition of the willing' -- including the European Union -- is ready to do its share."

Von der Leyen was joined Sunday by French President Emmanuel Macron, British Prime Minister Keir Starmer and German Chancellor Friedrich Merz in saying they will take part in Monday's talks at the White House, as will secretary-general of the NATO military alliance, Mark Rutte.

The European leaders' demonstration of support could help ease concerns in Kyiv and in other European capitals that Ukraine risks being railroaded into a peace deal that Trump says he wants to broker with Russia.

Neil Melvin, director of international security at the London-based Royal United Services Institute, said European leaders are trying to "shape this fast-evolving agenda." After the Alaska summit, the idea of a ceasefire appears all-but-abandoned, with the narrative shifting toward Putin's agenda of ensuring Ukraine does not join NATO or even the EU.

US Secretary of State Marco Rubio said on NBC's "Meet the Press" on Sunday that a possible ceasefire is "not off the table" but that the best way to end the war would be through a "full peace deal."

Putin has implied that he sees Europe as a hindrance to negotiations. He has also resisted meeting Zelenskyy in person, saying that such a meeting can only take place once the groundwork for a peace deal has been laid.

Speaking to the press after his meeting with Trump, the Russian leader raised the idea that Kyiv and other European capitals could "create obstacles" to derail potential progress with "behind-the-scenes intrigue."

For now, Zelenskyy offers the Europeans the "only way" to get into the discussions about the future of Ukraine and European security, says RUSI's Melvin.

However, the sheer number of European leaders potentially in attendance means the group will have to be "mindful" not to give "contradictory" messages, Melvin said.

"The risk is they look heavy-handed and are ganging up on Trump," he added. "Trump won't want to be put in a corner."

Although details remain hazy on what Article 5-like security guarantees from the US and Europe would entail for Ukraine, it could mirror NATO membership terms, in which an attack on one member of the alliance is seen as an attack on all.

In remarks made on CNN's "State of the Union," Witkoff said Friday's meeting with Trump was the first time Putin has been had heard to agree to such an arrangement.

Zelenskyy continues to stress the importance of both U.S. and European involvement in any negotiations.

"A security guarantee is a strong army. Only Ukraine can provide that. Only Europe can finance this army, and weapons for this army can be provided by our domestic production and European production. But there are certain things that are in short supply and are only available in the United States," he said at the press conference Sunday alongside Von der Leyen.


8. 'What is he talking about?' Trump's 'gaslighting' response prompts 'mental acuity' comment

A MSNBC host on Sunday "half-joked" about Donald Trump's "mental acuity" after the president made a post about Russia on social media.

Trump over the weekend complained about news coverage of his summit with Putin. Taking to Truth Social, the president attacked the media over reports that he could not get Putin to agree to a ceasefire in Ukraine.

"It's incredible how the Fake News violently distorts the TRUTH when it comes to me," the president wrote. "There is NOTHING I can say or do that would lead them to write or report honestly about me. I had a great meeting in Alaska on Biden's stupid War, a war that should have never happened!!!"

"If I got Russia to give up Moscow as part of the Deal, the Fake News, and their PARTNER, the Radical Left Democrats, would say I made a terrible mistake and a very bad deal," he then added. "That's why they are the FAKE NEWS! Also, they should talk about the 6 WARS, etc., I JUST STOPPED!!! MAGA"

On MSNBC, host Jonathan Capehart read Trump's reply on air.

"Well, speaking of Donald Trump's reaction, he's on his social media platform today. Here's what he what he put out today. 'If I got Russia to give up Moscow as part of the deal, the fake news and their partner, all caps, the radical left Democrats would say, I made a terrible mistake and a very bad deal. That's why they are the, all caps, fake news, exclamation point. Also, they should talk about the six wars, all caps, et cetera, all caps. I just stopped, three exclamation points, MAGA,'" Capehart said. "What is that? What is he talking about? I am concerned about his mental acuity."

Capehart adds that he's "half joking," and another guest goes on to call the Trump comment "gaslighting."


9. Indian community celebrates independence day in Dublin

Hundreds of people have participated in an event marking India Day in Dublin, as gardai and the Government sought to assure the community it was taking action against racially motivated crime.

The free event at Merrion Square came despite a separate celebration being called off following concern over recent attacks on the Indian community.

Minister for Justice Jim O'Callaghan has expressed concern over "totally unacceptable" attacks on the Indian community, adding that the majority appear to have been carried out by young people.

Mr O'Callaghan said he engaged extensively with the Garda commissioner on the matter, and senior investigating officers had been assigned to investigate all reported incidents.

Sunday's celebration, organised for India's 79th independence day, featured music, dance, food stalls, exhibition stands and a range of cultural activities.

Sanjeeb Barik, the secretary of organising group the Federation of Indian Communities in Ireland, said the event had gone well amid "fantastic and beautiful weather".

"Lots of people are here, there's food and dancing and lots of fun."

Asked about the engagement with Government and gardai, Mr Barik said the event had received "good support".

Speaking to the PA news agency, he said: "Naturally, because there has been so many incidents there was some concern.

"We have been actively discussing with ministers, junior ministers and the Minister of Justice and they have all assured us that appropriate safety measures would be in place - and they are.

"We're working very closely to make sure everyone would be safe and, importantly, that it would be enjoyable for everyone."

Mr Barik said they wanted to go ahead with the celebrations to send a message about the importance of standing together.

"It has been a challenging time but the main thing is to come together as a community and celebrate our heritage

"There are people from all backgrounds here - Indian, Irish and others - from all over the the island.

"It is about the strength of bonding and sowing the richness of India and Ireland's multicultural spirit."

He added: "We are saying come together, stand together. Celebrate unity and diversity - and I hope that will continue."

Inspector Ciaran Nunan from the Garda diversity unit said hate crimes are attacks on the whole community.

"The mission statement of An Garda Siochana is keeping people safe, and this refers to individuals, families, communities and society as a whole.

"It also now includes hate crime. Hate crime is not just an attack on a person, it's an attack on the community.

"An Garda Siochana is very aware of the impact that hate crime has upon individuals and communities, and we take it very, very seriously.

"Since our last India Day celebration last year, we now have hate crime legislation in force and we're applying that legislation at every opportunity - but we need people to report incidents of hate crime to us so that we can then take them on board and react to those."

He added: "So I would encourage everybody or anybody that perceives to be a victim of a hate crime to please report it to An Garda Siochana, and allow us to continue what we're doing and work with our communities to keep people safe."The Dublin event was attended by Akhilesh Mishra, ambassador of India to Ireland, and Minister of State Emer Higgins.

The Ireland India Council, a separate group, said there had been an organised social media campaign against the Indian community in the country and the number of violent attacks has intensified since January.

Last week, it said it took the "difficult" decision to postpone its planned event at Farmleigh House over concerns for the safety of the community.


10. Report: Hamas Built Its Terror Tunnels From Israeli Cement - VINnews

JERUSALEM (VINnews) -- During the decade leading up to October 7, Israel's policy toward Hamas could be defined as "money for hush." In this context, most attention was focused on the hundreds of millions transferred to Gaza each month by Qatar with Israel's approval. However, new data obtained by the N12 news channel reveals that Israel itself also maintained extensive trade relations with Gaza, allowing in over a million trucks that helped Hamas strengthen its rule and build its terror infrastructure.

According to data obtained by N12 from the Ministry of Defense through a Freedom of Information request submitted with the Movement for Freedom of Information, from 2015 to 2023, an average of about 117,000 goods trucks entered the Gaza Strip each year. These trucks carried a wide range of goods -- from food and medical equipment to livestock, communication gear, fuel, and gas.

Some of the goods that entered were used by Hamas to build its terror infrastructure, particularly its vast underground tunnel network. Over the nine years leading up to the war, around 90,000 cement trucks, 21,000 iron trucks, 11,000 infrastructure equipment trucks, and -- most notably -- 382,000 aggregate trucks (a type of gravel used for construction) entered Gaza. About a third of the trucks that came from Israel to Gaza carried this material.

"Hamas's rule was strengthened by the economic ties with Israel," says Yitzhak Gal, a Middle East economy expert from the Dayan Center, to N12. "Hamas knew how to profit from everything that entered the Strip. When goods came in from Israel, Hamas set up a checkpoint a kilometer from the entry point, and took its cut from every ton. Israel exported almost everything to Gaza, except for goods that had a comparative advantage to be imported from Egypt. Everything else came either from or through Israel. Food, vegetables, construction materials, everything that was allowed into Gaza."

According to Gal, the materials that came in from Israel undoubtedly reached Hamas. "Hamas had more than a few ways to take what it needed. Where did all the construction materials for those tunnels come from? They weren't produced in Gaza. No one's found a cement factory in Gaza. Construction materials entered in very large quantities from Israel and Egypt, and Hamas had first priority."


11. Charming UK village hailed as one of Britain's best for a break

Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info

A picturesque Peak District village has been hailed as one of Britain's premier destinations for a short break. The Times has put together a compilation of 25 of the most beautiful locations perfect for a swift escape, showcasing everything from charming hamlets to lively boutique shopping districts.

Making the list is Ashford-in-the-Water in the Peak District - just over half an hour from Macclesfield - which straddles the River Wye, reports the Mirror.

The Times proclaims: "For peak village perfection in the Peak District head to Ashford, which lies on the banks of the River Wye. Envy-inducing aspects include the medieval Sheepwash bridge, a church that dates from the 12th century and a thriving cricket club that plays on the village green, as well as a collection of very charming limestone cottages with carefully tended gardens."

"Along with the posh restaurant with rooms, Riverside House Hotel, the Ashford Arms recently opened with nine funked-up rooms and cheery food aimed at hikers and other hearty, healthy types."

This news comes after images show the cheapest seaside spot in England is full of abandoned £40k homes 'nobody wants'.

DerbyshireLive recently spotlighted the village's appeal, stating: "For a small village, Ashford-in-the-Water is surprisingly well-equipped for a delightful day in the countryside, boasting a range of independent businesses. At the heart of the village, Ashford General Store provides a delectable array of Bradwell's ice cream flavours and an assortment of freshly baked treats like brownies, Bakewell slices, and sausage rolls.

"Those looking to quench their thirst might fancy a crisp pint at the renowned Bull's Head pub; conversely, if a hot beverage appeals even on a sunny day, the Aisseford Tea Room has earned excellent acclaim from both residents and visitors alike. Should you desire a longer stay in Ashford-in-the-Water, there's no shortage of BandBs, including the charming Riverside House Hotel."

The publication continued: "Nestled just two miles north-west of Bakewell, Ashford-in-the-Water advises visitors that parking can be rather limited. It's recommended to park further out and enjoy a scenic stroll into the village, thereby taking full advantage of the breath-taking views en-route through the stunning Peak District."

Ashford-in-the-Water epitomises the quintessential chocolate-box village - a phrase describing especially scenic cottages reminiscent of those featured on vintage Cadbury packaging. The settlement boasts beautiful limestone dwellings and winding lanes synonymous with traditional English countryside appeal.

The local area is dotted with spots to appreciate the region's natural beauty, including a variety of walking trails. While some paths are more suited for experienced hikers, many are perfectly tailored for the whole family.

The Ashford-in-the-Water to Monsal Dale Circular Walk traverses through fields, woodlands, and open countryside, while the Bakewell and Ashford-in-the-Water Circular provides picturesque views of the River Wye, rolling hills, and many of Ashford's significant historic sites, including the renowned Sheepwash Bridge.


12. No winner in Ultra, Super Lotto draws for August 17

MANILA, Philippines -- There were no winners in the Ultra Lotto 6/58 and Super Lotto 6/49 draws on Sunday night, the Philippine Charity Sweepstakes Office (PCSO) said.

The winning combination for Ultra Lotto 6/58 was 17-26-02-28-57-54 which had a jackpot prize of P363,258,633.20.

For the Super Lotto, the winning numbers are 04-22-44-34-30-33 for a jackpot prize of P84,961,245.20.

Get the latest news

delivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address, I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.


13. 32 people rescued from ride at Six Flags in Prince George's Co. - WTOP News

Thirty-two people on a ride at Six Flags America in Prince George's County, Maryland, were rescued Saturday afternoon after a ride malfunctioned.

Prince George's County Fire and Rescue said that the riders became stuck around 3:25 p.m. at the park in Bowie.

Shortly before 5 p.m., the fire department said that all riders were rescued safely from the ride.

A fire and rescue official said one person who was transported to a hospital was dealing with a medical issue "unrelated to the rescue."

Get breaking news and daily headlines delivered to your email inbox by signing up here.

© 2025 WTOP. All Rights Reserved. This website is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.


14. Putin agreed to let US, Europe offer NATO-style security protections for Ukraine, Trump envoy says

NEW YORK (AP) -- Special U.S. envoy Steve Witkoff said Sunday that Russian leader Vladimir Putin agreed at his summit with President Donald Trump to allow the U.S. and European allies to offer Ukraine a security guarantee resembling NATO's collective defense mandate as part of an eventual deal to end the 3 1/2-year war.

"We were able to win the following concession: That the United States could offer Article 5-like protection, which is one of the real reasons why Ukraine wants to be in NATO," he said on CNN's "State of the Union." He added that it "was the first time we had ever heard the Russians agree to that."

European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, speaking at a news conference in Brussels with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, said that "we welcome President Trump's willingness to contribute to Article 5-like security guarantees for Ukraine. and the 'Coalition of the willing' -- including the European Union -- is ready to do its share."

Witkoff, offering some of the first details of what was discussed at Friday's summit in Alaska, said the two sides agreeing to "robust security guarantees that I would describe as game-changing." He added that Russia said that it would make a legislative commitment not to go after any additional territory in Ukraine.

Zelenskyy thanked the United States for recent signals that Washington is willing to support security guarantees for Ukraine, but said the details remained unclear.

"It is important that America agrees to work with Europe to provide security guarantees for Ukraine," he said, "But there are no details how it will work, and what America's role will be, Europe's role will be and what the EU can do, and this is our main task, we need security to work in practice like Article 5 of NATO, and we consider EU accession to be part of the security guarantees."

Witkoff defended Trump's decision to abandon his push for Russian to agree to an immediate ceasefire, saying the president had pivoted toward a peace deal because so much progress was made.

"We covered almost all the other issues necessary for a peace deal," Witkoff said, without elaborating.

"We began to see some moderation in the way they're thinking about getting to a final peace deal," he said.

Secretary of State Marco Rubio insisted there would be "additional consequences" as Trump warned before meeting with Putin, if they failed to reach a ceasefire. But Rubio noted that there wasn't going to be any sort of deal on a truce reached when Ukraine wasn't at the talks.

"Now, ultimately, if there isn't a peace agreement, if there isn't an end of this war, the president's been clear, there are going to be consequences," Rubio said on ABC's "This Week." "But we're trying to avoid that. And the way we're trying to avoid those consequences is with an even better consequence, which is peace, the end of hostilities."

Rubio, who is also Trump's national security adviser, said he did not believe issuing new sanctions on Russia would force Putin to accept a ceasefire, noting that the latter isn't off the table but that "the best way to end this conflict is through a full peace deal."

"The minute you issue new sanctions, your ability to get them to the table, our ability to get them to table will be severely diminished," Rubio said on NBC's "Meet the Press."

He also said "we're not at the precipice of a peace agreement" and that getting there would not be easy and would take a lot of work.

"We made progress in the sense that we identified potential areas of agreement, but there remains some big areas of disagreement. So we're still a long ways off," Rubio said.

Zelenskyy and Europeans leaders are scheduled to meet Monday with Trump at the White House. They heard from the president after his meeting with Putin.

"I think everybody agreed that we had made progress. Maybe not enough for a peace deal, but we are on the path for the first time," Witkoff said.

He added: "The fundamental issue, which is some sort of land swap, which is obviously ultimately in the control of the Ukrainians -- that could not have been discussed at this meeting" with Putin. "We intend to discuss it on Monday. Hopefully we have some clarity on it and hopefully that ends up in a peace deal very, very soon."


15. Asia Cup 2025 में अब नहीं होगा India vs Pakistan Match, अचानक लिया गया बड़ा फैसला

Priyanshu Singh is a distinguished professional with over 5 years of experience in journalism and digital marketing. Presently serving as the Digital Marketing Manager and News Journalist at IBC24 News, he skillfully manages the digital operations of IBC24 News and Khabar Bebak. Priyanshu is renowned for his coverage of major sports events, including the World Cup 2022 and 2023, where his insightful reporting has captivated audiences. Notably, he has also conducted interviews with key political figures, including the Chief Minister and Deputy Chief Minister of Chhattisgarh. With a passion for news, a commitment to excellence, and a diverse portfolio of experiences, Priyanshu Singh continues to be a prominent name in the ever-evolving media landscape.


16. Disha Patani Glamorous Photoshoot - Actress Flaunt Her Curvy Body in Stunning Deep-Neck Outfit - Times Bull

Disha Patani's Latest Photoshoot: Bollywood actress Disha Patani is very active on social media. The actress shares photos and videos with her fans every day. Disha Patani is in the news more because of her boldness than her films. Disha Patani regularly shares photos and videos with her fans every day. Meanwhile, Disha Patani has shared some of her latest pictures on her Instagram account, which are now going viral on social media. Disha Patani looks stunning and incredibly beautiful in these pictures. So let's take a look at the latest photos of the actress:-


17. Let's Talk Sex | Can Thinking Too Much About Performance Cause Erectile Dysfunction?

Sex may permeate our popular culture, but conversations about it are still associated with stigma and shame in Indian households. As a result, most individuals dealing with sexual health issues or trying to find information about sex often resort to unverified online sources or follow the unscientific advice of their friends. To address the widespread misinformation about sex, News18.com is running this weekly sex column, titled 'Let's Talk Sex'. We hope to initiate conversations about sex through this column and address sexual health issues with scientific insight and nuance.

In this article, we will explain why overthinking can sometimes become the biggest barrier to intimacy.

In the realm of intimate relationships, the pressure to perform can often overshadow the simple joy of connection. As you navigate the intricate dance of desire and expectation, a question arises: can overthinking your performance lead to erectile dysfunction? While physical health and emotional wellness are well-known contributors to sexual function, the psychological impact of performance anxiety is an area that warrants closer examination.

Erectile dysfunction is a clinical condition characterised by the consistent inability to achieve or maintain an erection sufficient for satisfactory sexual activity. It's important to recognize that ED is distinct from occasional difficulties that many men might experience due to fatigue or a particular emotional state. Various physiological and psychological elements can underpin ED.

Common physiological causes include blood vessel issues, nerve disorders, and hormonal imbalances. Meanwhile, emotional factors such as stress, anxiety, and depression can significantly contribute to the onset of this condition. It's crucial to understand these foundations to truly grasp ED's implications.

Performance anxiety plays a pivotal role in erectile dysfunction by engaging the mind in a detrimental cycle of concern and fear. When individuals are preoccupied with their perceived failures, it triggers a mental roadblock that significantly impairs sexual performance. This phenomenon, often referred to as sexual performance anxiety, can result in issues such as trouble achieving or maintaining an erection. The stress associated with the anticipation of a poor performance can perpetuate a vicious cycle where anxiety feeds further sexual difficulties. True to its nature, performance anxiety tends to amplify fears around body image, virility, and relationship dynamics. These psychological stresses intensify the body's stress response, making it difficult to focus on the present moment, which is essential for achieving and maintaining arousal. Indeed, chronic anxiety raises levels of cortisol, a hormone known to suppress testosterone, thereby compromising sexual function.

Beyond psychological factors, the biological response to anxiety also plays a role. The body's natural stress response activates the sympathetic nervous system. This activation leads to the narrowing of blood vessels and the release of stress hormones, ultimately reducing blood flow to the penis. To understand why thinking too much can cause ED, let's break down the biological process:

In simple terms: the brain has two modes -- "pleasure" and "protection." If it chooses protection (due to fear or stress), erection becomes physiologically difficult.

To effectively tackle performance-induced erectile dysfunction (ED), it is essential to understand the underlying role that anxiety plays in this condition. The good news is that erectile dysfunction caused by overthinking is highly treatable. With the right strategies, men can regain confidence and enjoy fulfilling intimacy.

If you frequently experience difficulty in achieving or maintaining an erection, it is advisable to seek professional help. While occasional performance issues are common, persistent erectile dysfunction (ED) could signify underlying health concerns that require attention. Such issues might stem from cardiovascular problems, diabetes, or even psychological conditions like anxiety or depression. Early intervention by a healthcare provider can lead to effective management of these causes.

Thinking too much about performance can absolutely cause erectile dysfunction. But it's not a life sentence. By understanding the powerful connection between mind and body, men can break free from the cycle of anxiety. Intimacy is not about proving manhood or living up to exaggerated standards. It's about trust, connection, and shared pleasure. When fear takes a backseat and presence takes over, the body often responds naturally with ease and confidence.


18. Marco Rubio Snaps at ABC Reporter's Trump Putin Question

Secretary of State Marco Rubio grew frustrated on Sunday as ABC News' Martha Raddatz pressed for specific "concessions" made during Friday's summit between President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin.

Rubio joined Raddatz on ABC's This Week on Sunday following Trump meeting with Putin in Anchorage, Alaska. The president has said they are working towards a peace agreement, but no deal was struck to end Russia's invasion of Ukraine at the summit.

Raddatz pushed for details on the meeting during her interview with Rubio, but received pushback from the secretary.

"Can you name any concessions that Vladimir Putin made during this meeting?" Raddatz asked Rubio on Sunday.

"I wouldn't name them on your program," Rubio shot back. "Why would I do that?"

"Where is the pressure?" Raddatz pushed further.

Rubio said there were "concessions asked," but declared he wasn't going to turn the negotiations into a "pay-per-view" event for the media.

"But what utility would there be of me going on a program and tell you we wagged our finger at Putin and told him you must do this and you must that?" Rubio said. "It's only going to make it harder and less likely that they're going to agree of these things."

Check out the exchange below:


19. Patriotsâ€™ hopes of trading for Terry McLaurin might already be dead

The saga between the Washington Commanders and wide receiver Terry McLaurin continues as teams compete in their second preseason game, keeping the door open for a team like the Patriots to sneak in and make a blockbuster trade. He has long been connected to New England for the simple fact that they could use another game-changing receiver, but also because they have the cap space to handle his current and new contract.

It seemed more likely out of the list of disgruntled players this offseason that McLaurin was the most likely for Mike Vrabel and Co. to go after, as prioritizing the offense around Drake Maye was a focus this offseason.

However, the latest update from NFL insider Ian Rapoport hints at that chance fading away because it looks like the Commanders and McLaurin might be working toward a new deal ahead of the start of the 2025 season.

While that's not entirely shocking, it is far from a guarantee. This often happens with players who hold out and demand a new contract, and more often than not, nothing comes of it.

But another source that is well known to NFL fans has further confirmed a big deal is incoming for McLaurin, further putting the Patriots' chance of acquiring him in doubt.

The infamous and anonymous news breaker on Twitter/X, known as Rickey, revealed what his sources have been telling him. Most NFL fans listen to him because of the number of times he has been correct in the past, making the mention of his take seem more understandable.

He suggests that there is more to the developments between the Commanders and McLaurin and that a deal is nearly done to keep him in Washington for a long time.

Although Rickey is mostly anonymous and could obviously be proven wrong, the word on the internet is that he is reliable, so his take is certainly worth considering to be truthful.

It's an unfortunate development for the Patriots if a deal does come to fruition, as McLaurin would then be off the table for the foreseeable future. That might not be a bad thing, since we don't know legitimately if Vrabel had any interest in getting a trade done, nor do we know if the receiving corps desperately needed McLaurin's production.

However, the idea of a receiver room being led by Stefon Diggs and Terry McLaurin sounded like a dream come true, and perhaps it's because it was all along.


20. Braintree fans celebrate magical run after team is eliminated  from Little League World Series - Boston News, Weather, Sports | WHDH 7News

BRAINTREE, MASS. (WHDH) - A crowd of residents gathered for a watch party in Braintree on Sunday as Braintree American looked to advance in the Little League World Series after staving off elimination with a comeback win over Texas on Saturday.

But the team's magical run to Pennsylvania ended with a 3-2 loss to Bonney Lake, Washington.

At the South Side Tavern residents decked out in their Braintree American gear cheered as the team represented New England in their third game in the tournament.

The tavern has been naming specials after the team all week and residents were lined up Sunday morning for a chance to watch Sunday morning's game.

"I think it's a really cool experience for the kids, we may never have this experience again to root on our home team and show them what it's like to be part of a small town," said fan Kendra St. Hilaire. "Just to see the kids represent the town so well makes me proud."

The community is planning a parade for the team when they return from the tournament.

Stay with 7NEWS on-air and online for the latest updates.

(Copyright (c) 2024 Sunbeam Television. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)

Join our Newsletter for the latest news right to your inbox Email address Submit


🇺🇸 USA MARKET NEWS
----------------------------------------

1. European leaders to shore up Ukraine's Zelenskyy for DC talks with Trump

European leaders will join Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his visit to Washington, DC on Monday, seeking an end to the Russia-Ukraine war, after United States President Donald Trump dropped both his push for a ceasefire and the threat of punitive actions against Russia following his Alaska summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin.

Securing a ceasefire in Ukraine, more than three years after Russia's invasion, had been one of Trump's core demands before Friday's Alaska summit, to which Ukraine and its European allies were not invited.

Special US envoy Steve Witkoff said on Sunday that Putin agreed at the summit with Trump to allow the US and European allies to offer Ukraine a security guarantee resembling NATO's collective defence mandate as part of an eventual deal to end the 3 1/2-year war.

"We were able to win the following concession: That the United States could offer Article 5-like protection, which is one of the real reasons why Ukraine wants to be in NATO," he said on the CNN news programme State of the Union. Witkoff said it was the first time he had heard Putin agree to that.

Ukraine's Zelenskyy, speaking in Brussels on Sunday after meeting European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, said the current front lines of the war should be the basis for peace talks.

"We need real negotiations, which means we can start where the front line is now," Zelenskyy said, adding that European leaders support this and reiterating his long-held position that it was necessary to establish a ceasefire in order to then negotiate a final deal.

But after the summit on Friday with Putin yielded no clear breakthrough, Trump ruled out an immediate ceasefire - a move that aligns with Putin, who has long argued for negotiations on a final peace deal.

According to a New York Times report, after his meeting with Putin, the US president also told European leaders that he had offered to support a plan to end the war that involved Ukraine giving up parts of its territory to Russia.

Ukraine and its European allies have criticised Putin's stance as a way to buy time and press Russia's battlefield advances, and they have expressed unease over Trump's land swap proposal from the outset.

In an effort to try show a firm, united front to the US president in White House talks on Monday, German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, French President Emmanuel Macron, British Prime Minister Keir Starmer, NATO Secretary-General Mark Rutte, Finland's President Alexander Stubb, Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni and von der Leyen will accompany Zelenskyy to Washington, DC.

"The talks will address, among other things, security guarantees, territorial issues, and continued support for Ukraine in its defence against Russian aggression," the German government said in a statement about the trip to the US capital. "This includes maintaining pressure on sanctions."

Ahead of the visit, von der Leyen said on X that she would welcome Zelenskyy for a meeting in Brussels on Sunday, which other European leaders would join by video, before accompanying the Ukrainian leader on his US trip at his "request" and with "other European leaders".

Strength and safety in numbers appear to be factors in the group visit, with memories still fresh about the hostile reception Zelenskyy received in February from Trump and US Vice-President JD Vance in a public White House dressing-down, castigating the Ukrainian leader as being ungrateful and "disrespectful".

While Zelenskyy has welcomed Trump's efforts to end the war, in a post on social media on Saturday, he warned that "it may take a lot of effort to get Russia to have the will to implement far greater - peaceful coexistence with its neighbors for decades".

The Ukrainian president has also repeatedly reiterated that Kyiv will not swap any of its land to attain a ceasefire. Ukraine's constitution forbids the ceding of territory.

According to Zelenskyy, Putin has asked that Russia be handed over all of Ukraine's eastern Donetsk region, a third of which Kyiv still holds.

In exchange, Russian forces would halt their offensive in the Black Sea port region of Kherson and Zaporizhia in southern Ukraine, where the main cities are still under Ukrainian control.

Earlier this month, the Ukrainian president said that "Ukrainians will not give their land to the occupier" and pointed out that he doesn't have the authority to sign off on land swaps. He said that changing Ukraine's 1991 borders runs counter to the country's constitution.

Russia launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 and has been gradually advancing for months.

In his statement after the Alaska summit, Putin signalled no movement in Russia's long-held demands, which also include a veto on Kyiv's desired membership in the NATO alliance.

He also warned Ukraine and its European allies not to "create any obstacles" and "that they will not attempt to disrupt the emerging progress through provocation or behind-the-scenes intrigue".

The diplomatic focus now switches to Zelenskyy's talks at the White House on Monday with the European leaders in tow.

Secretary of State Marco Rubio said getting to a peace agreement would still take a lot of work.

"We're not at the precipice of a peace agreement," he said. "We made progress in the sense that we identified potential areas of agreement, but there remains some big areas of disagreement. So we're still a long ways off."

"Now, ultimately, if there isn't a peace agreement, if there isn't an end of this war, the president's been clear, there are going to be consequences," he told ABC's 'This Week.' "But we're trying to avoid that. And the way we're trying to avoid those consequences is with an even better consequence, which is peace, the end of hostilities."

Al Jazeera's Hashem Ahelbarra, reporting from Brussels, said Ukraine and the EU were "walking a fine line" during the press conference. While attempting to show a united front, they were also mindful of avoiding any strong statements that could further upset the Trump administration.

Zelenskyy and Von der Leyen where intentionally vague when asked about a ceasefire - which they had long cast a prerequisite for further talks - saying that terminology did not matter.

"They are waiting to hear what Trump is going to offer tomorrow in DC," Ahelbarra said.


2. Chelsea held 0-0 by Palace as Forest opens with a win in the Premier League - WTOP News

Chelsea was held to a 0-0 draw by Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Sunday in the team's first...

Chelsea was held to a 0-0 draw by Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Sunday in the team's first competitive match as the club world champion.

A month after stunning Paris Saint-Germain in the Club World Cup final, Chelsea toiled in its league opener at Stamford Bridge after a short preseason because of its exertions in the United States.

Nottingham Forest, meanwhile, hit the ground running with a 3-1 win over Brentford, with striker Chris Wood -- the team's top scorer last season with 20 goals -- netting twice in the first half either side of a goal on debut by Dan Ndoye.

Later, Manchester United hosts Arsenal in the marquee match of the opening round, which has already seen wins for likely title contenders Liverpool and Manchester City.

Copyright © 2025 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.


3. European leaders to join Ukraine's Zelenskyy for meeting with Trump

Kyiv: European and NATO leaders announced Sunday they will join President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Washington for talks with President Donald Trump on ending Russia's war in Ukraine, with the possibility of US security guarantees now on the negotiating table.

Leaders from France, Britain and Germany are rallying around the Ukrainian leader after his exclusion from Trump's summit on Friday with Russian President Vladimir Putin.

Their pledge to be at Zelenskyy's side at the White House on Monday is an apparent effort to ensure the meeting goes better than the last one in February, when Trump berated Zelenskyy in a heated Oval Office encounter.

"The Europeans are very afraid of the Oval Office scene being repeated and so they want to support Mr. Zelenskyy to the hilt," said retired French Gen. Dominique Trinquand, a former head of France's military mission at the United Nations.

"It's a power struggle and a position of strength that might work with Trump," he said.

Special US envoy Steve Witkoff said Sunday that Putin agreed at the meeting in Alaska with Trump to allow the US and European allies to offer Ukraine a security guarantee resembling NATO's collective defence mandate as part of an eventual deal to end the 3 1/2-year war.

European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, speaking at a news conference in Brussels with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, said that "we welcome President Trump's willingness to contribute to Article 5-like security guarantees for Ukraine. And the Coalition of the willing' -- including the European Union -- is ready to do its share."

Von der Leyen was joined Sunday by French President Emmanuel Macron, British Prime Minister Keir Starmer and German Chancellor Friedrich Merz in saying they will take part in Monday's talks at the White House, as will secretary-general of the NATO military alliance, Mark Rutte.

The European leaders' demonstration of support could help ease concerns in Kyiv and in other European capitals that Ukraine risks being railroaded into a peace deal that Trump says he wants to broker with Russia.

Neil Melvin, director of international security at the London-based Royal United Services Institute, said European leaders are trying to "shape this fast-evolving agenda." After the Alaska summit, the idea of a ceasefire appears all-but-abandoned, with the narrative shifting toward Putin's agenda of ensuring Ukraine does not join NATO or even the EU.

US Secretary of State Marco Rubio said on NBC's "Meet the Press" on Sunday that a possible ceasefire is "not off the table" but that the best way to end the war would be through a "full peace deal."

Putin has implied that he sees Europe as a hindrance to negotiations. He has also resisted meeting Zelenskyy in person, saying that such a meeting can only take place once the groundwork for a peace deal has been laid.

Speaking to the press after his meeting with Trump, the Russian leader raised the idea that Kyiv and other European capitals could "create obstacles" to derail potential progress with "behind-the-scenes intrigue."

For now, Zelenskyy offers the Europeans the "only way" to get into the discussions about the future of Ukraine and European security, says RUSI's Melvin.

However, the sheer number of European leaders potentially in attendance means the group will have to be "mindful" not to give "contradictory" messages, Melvin said.

"The risk is they look heavy-handed and are ganging up on Trump," he added. "Trump won't want to be put in a corner."

Although details remain hazy on what Article 5-like security guarantees from the US and Europe would entail for Ukraine, it could mirror NATO membership terms, in which an attack on one member of the alliance is seen as an attack on all.

In remarks made on CNN's "State of the Union," Witkoff said Friday's meeting with Trump was the first time Putin has been had heard to agree to such an arrangement.

Zelenskyy continues to stress the importance of both U.S. and European involvement in any negotiations.

"A security guarantee is a strong army. Only Ukraine can provide that. Only Europe can finance this army, and weapons for this army can be provided by our domestic production and European production. But there are certain things that are in short supply and are only available in the United States," he said at the press conference Sunday alongside Von der Leyen.


4. Chelsea held 0-0 by Palace as Forest opens with a win in the Premier League

Chelsea was held to a 0-0 draw by Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Sunday in the team's first competitive match as the club world champion.

A month after stunning Paris Saint-Germain in the Club World Cup final, Chelsea toiled in its league opener at Stamford Bridge after a short preseason because of its exertions in the United States.

Nottingham Forest, meanwhile, hit the ground running with a 3-1 win over Brentford, with striker Chris Wood -- the team's top scorer last season with 20 goals -- netting twice in the first half either side of a goal on debut by Dan Ndoye.

Later, Manchester United hosts Arsenal in the marquee match of the opening round, which has already seen wins for likely title contenders Liverpool and Manchester City.


5. Chelsea player ratings vs Crystal Palace: Cole Palmer goes missing as Joao Pedro & Jamie Gittens flop on Premier League debuts in dour draw - but fearless Estevao Willian offers hope from bench | Goal.com

The England international had a forgettable day as the Blues' new wonderkid outshone his fellow new signings in a dull Premier League stalemate

Chelsea were brought back down to earth after their Club World Cup triumph with a goalless draw against Crystal Palace on Sunday.

The home side, who won the United States competition just last month, started on the front foot when Marc Cucurella's looping header was cleared off the line by Ismaila Sarr.

Controversy reigned in the 13th minute when Eberechi Eze's piledriver free-kick was ruled out as referee Darren England ruled for an infringement, following a VAR review, against Marc Guehi.

After being beaten for pace for Eze's effort, Robert Sanchez did well to spread himself to deny Jean-Philippe Mateta soon after, as Palace turned the screw. Although Chelsea struggled to seize control of the game, Trevoh Chalobah should have made it 1-0, only for the defender to sky his shot from six yards.

Substitute Estevao provided a much-needed spark for the west London outfit but Chelsea still found it very difficult to break down a well-organised Palace side. In the game's dying embers, Community Shield winners Palace looked the most likely to break the deadlock, with Eze unleashing a drive that stung the hands of Sanchez.

Liam Delap had half a chance to grab a late winner but his effort was easily handled by keeper Dean Henderson, and soon after, fellow substituteAndre Santos spurned a big chance, too.

In the end, both teams settled for a point but Enzo Maresca's team need to improve a great deal if they are to be considered as Premier League title challengers.


6. Chelsea held 0-0 by Palace as Forest opens with a win in the Premier League

Chelsea was held to a 0-0 draw by Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Sunday in the team's first competitive match as the club world champion.

A month after stunning Paris Saint-Germain in the Club World Cup final, Chelsea toiled in its league opener at Stamford Bridge after a short preseason because of its exertions in the United States.

Nottingham Forest, meanwhile, hit the ground running with a 3-1 win over Brentford, with striker Chris Wood -- the team's top scorer last season with 20 goals -- netting twice in the first half either side of a goal on debut by Dan Ndoye.

Later, Manchester United hosts Arsenal in the marquee match of the opening round, which has already seen wins for likely title contenders Liverpool and Manchester City.

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without permission.


7. Putin agreed to let US, Europe offer NATO-style security protections for Ukraine, Trump envoy says

NEW YORK (AP) -- Special U.S. envoy Steve Witkoff said Sunday that Russian leader Vladimir Putin agreed at his summit with President Donald Trump to allow the U.S. and European allies to offer Ukraine a security guarantee resembling NATO's collective defense mandate as part of an eventual deal to end the 3 1/2-year war.

"We were able to win the following concession: That the United States could offer Article 5-like protection, which is one of the real reasons why Ukraine wants to be in NATO," he said on CNN's "State of the Union." He added that it "was the first time we had ever heard the Russians agree to that."

European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, speaking at a news conference in Brussels with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, said that "we welcome President Trump's willingness to contribute to Article 5-like security guarantees for Ukraine. and the 'Coalition of the willing' -- including the European Union -- is ready to do its share."

Witkoff, offering some of the first details of what was discussed at Friday's summit in Alaska, said the two sides agreeing to "robust security guarantees that I would describe as game-changing." He added that Russia said that it would make a legislative commitment not to go after any additional territory in Ukraine.

Zelenskyy thanked the United States for recent signals that Washington is willing to support security guarantees for Ukraine, but said the details remained unclear.

"It is important that America agrees to work with Europe to provide security guarantees for Ukraine," he said, "But there are no details how it will work, and what America's role will be, Europe's role will be and what the EU can do, and this is our main task, we need security to work in practice like Article 5 of NATO, and we consider EU accession to be part of the security guarantees."

Witkoff defended Trump's decision to abandon his push for Russian to agree to an immediate ceasefire, saying the president had pivoted toward a peace deal because so much progress was made.

"We covered almost all the other issues necessary for a peace deal," Witkoff said, without elaborating.

"We began to see some moderation in the way they're thinking about getting to a final peace deal," he said.

Secretary of State Marco Rubio insisted there would be "additional consequences" as Trump warned before meeting with Putin, if they failed to reach a ceasefire. But Rubio noted that there wasn't going to be any sort of deal on a truce reached when Ukraine wasn't at the talks.

"Now, ultimately, if there isn't a peace agreement, if there isn't an end of this war, the president's been clear, there are going to be consequences," Rubio said on ABC's "This Week." "But we're trying to avoid that. And the way we're trying to avoid those consequences is with an even better consequence, which is peace, the end of hostilities."

Rubio, who is also Trump's national security adviser, said he did not believe issuing new sanctions on Russia would force Putin to accept a ceasefire, noting that the latter isn't off the table but that "the best way to end this conflict is through a full peace deal."

"The minute you issue new sanctions, your ability to get them to the table, our ability to get them to table will be severely diminished," Rubio said on NBC's "Meet the Press."

He also said "we're not at the precipice of a peace agreement" and that getting there would not be easy and would take a lot of work.

"We made progress in the sense that we identified potential areas of agreement, but there remains some big areas of disagreement. So we're still a long ways off," Rubio said.

Zelenskyy and Europeans leaders are scheduled to meet Monday with Trump at the White House. They heard from the president after his meeting with Putin.

"I think everybody agreed that we had made progress. Maybe not enough for a peace deal, but we are on the path for the first time," Witkoff said.

He added: "The fundamental issue, which is some sort of land swap, which is obviously ultimately in the control of the Ukrainians -- that could not have been discussed at this meeting" with Putin. "We intend to discuss it on Monday. Hopefully we have some clarity on it and hopefully that ends up in a peace deal very, very soon."


8. Chelsea held 0-0 by Palace as Forest opens with a win in the Premier League

Chelsea was held to a 0-0 draw by Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Sunday in the team's first competitive match as the club world champion.

A month after stunning Paris Saint-Germain in the Club World Cup final, Chelsea toiled in its league opener at Stamford Bridge after a short preseason because of its exertions in the United States.

Nottingham Forest, meanwhile, hit the ground running with a 3-1 win over Brentford, with striker Chris Wood -- the team's top scorer last season with 20 goals -- netting twice in the first half either side of a goal on debut by Dan Ndoye.

Later, Manchester United hosts Arsenal in the marquee match of the opening round, which has already seen wins for likely title contenders Liverpool and Manchester City.


9. 'Fit and healthy' man, 39, in 'disbelief' following stage 4 cancer diagnosis after doctors dismissed 'vague' symptom

Wylie Dixon says doctors failed to diagnose his cancer for two years

A man who was suffering from a 'vague' symptom went on to be diagnosed with stage 4 cancer.

39-year-old Wylie Dixon got the shock of his life when he received the news that he had appendix cancer - a rare type of cancer that only 3,000 people are diagnosed with every year in the United States.

Not only did Wylie have an aggressive form of appendix cancer, but it had also 'spread throughout his body' by the time doctors found it.

Sadly, there's been a rise in cases in people below the age of 50 receiving the devastating diagnosis, as per a study released earlier this year.

Speaking about their findings, lead author Andreana Holowatyj, PhD, MSCI, assistant professor of Medicine at Vanderbilt University Medical Center and Vanderbilt-Ingram Cancer Center, said: "When you take these alarming rates that we are seeing for appendiceal cancer across generations, together with the fact that one in every three patients diagnosed with appendiceal cancer is diagnosed under the age of 50, these point to a timely need for everyone to be aware of the signs and symptoms of appendix cancer."

Abdominal pain, bloating, changes in bowel habits, and loss of appetite are common symptoms of the rare cancer. It wasn't until Wylie developed these that he was rushed to the emergency room at his home in Cairns, Far North Queensland, Australia.

But before then he'd been suffering with fatigue for months, but this sign was said to be too 'vague' for doctors to pinpoint that he had cancer.

Discussing how he'd been feeling before his shock diagnosis, Wylie told Femail: "I was in disbelief as I'd never heard of the cancer before... I wasn't someone who had scheduled health check-ups but I went to the doctor often when something would arise.

"I was fit and healthy, not overweight. I was very active and walking 10,000 to 20,000 steps per day was normal for me at work."

Wylie continued: "I didn't have any major symptoms besides fatigue. That's the problem with this cancer, everything was vague and didn't persist, besides the fatigue."

According to Wylie, his doctors failed to diagnose him for two years. It wasn't until August 2024 that he received the devastating news that he had cancer.

Now Wylie and his wife Ked have relocated from Cairns to Sydney to be closer to where he's receiving his life-saving treatment.

The couple quit their jobs to move to the city and are living in temporary accommodation. With this in mind, someone has created a GoFundMe page to help them pay their way through this difficult time in their lives.

They're hoping to raise $22,000 AUD and, so far, people have donated over $21,000 AUD.

You can donate to the page here.


10. US envoy says Putin agreed to protections for Ukraine as part of Trump summit

"We were able to win the following concession: That the United States could offer Article 5-like protection, which is one of the real reasons why Ukraine wants to be in Nato," he said on CNN's State Of The Union.

Mr Witkoff said it was the first time he had heard Mr Putin agree to that.

European Commission president Ursula von der Leyen, speaking at a news conference in Brussels with Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky, said that "we welcome President Trump's willingness to contribute to Article 5-like security guarantees for Ukraine, and the 'Coalition of the willing' - including the European Union - is ready to do its share".

Mr Witkoff, offering some of the first details of what was discussed at Friday's summit in Alaska, said the two sides agreed to "robust security guarantees that I would describe as game-changing".

He added that Russia said that it would make a legislative commitment not to go after any additional territory in Ukraine.

Mr Zelensky thanked the United States for recent signals that Washington is willing to support security guarantees for Ukraine, but said the details remained unclear.

"It is important that America agrees to work with Europe to provide security guarantees for Ukraine," he said.

"But there are no details how it will work, and what America's role will be, Europe's role will be and what the EU can do, and this is our main task, we need security to work in practice like Article 5 of Nato, and we consider EU accession to be part of the security guarantees."

Mr Witkoff defended Mr Trump's decision to abandon his push for Russia to agree to an immediate ceasefire, saying the president had pivoted toward a peace deal because so much progress was made.

"We covered almost all the other issues necessary for a peace deal," Mr Witkoff said, without elaborating.

"We began to see some moderation in the way they're thinking about getting to a final peace deal," he said.

US secretary of state Marco Rubio said there would be "additional consequences" as Mr Trump warned before meeting Mr Putin, if they failed to reach a ceasefire. But Mr Rubio said there was not going to be any sort of deal on a truce reached when Ukraine was not at the talks.

"Now, ultimately, if there isn't a peace agreement, if there isn't an end of this war, the president's been clear, there are going to be consequences," Mr Rubio said on ABC.

"But we're trying to avoid that. And the way we're trying to avoid those consequences is with an even better consequence, which is peace, the end of hostilities."

Mr Rubio, who is also Mr Trump's national security adviser, said he did not believe issuing new sanctions on Russia would force Mr Putin to accept a ceasefire, noting that the latter was not off the table but that "the best way to end this conflict is through a full peace deal".

"The minute you issue new sanctions, your ability to get them to the table, our ability to get them to table will be severely diminished," Mr Rubio said on NBC.

He also said "we're not at the precipice of a peace agreement" and that getting there would not be easy and would take a lot of work.

"We made progress in the sense that we identified potential areas of agreement, but there remains some big areas of disagreement. So we're still a long ways off," Mr Rubio said.


💰 FINANCIAL SECTOR UPDATES
----------------------------------------

1. [Finlight] Air Canada Flight Attendants Say They Will Defy Back-to-Work Order

The union representing Air Canada’s 10,000 flight attendants said on Sunday that it would defy a back-to-work order and continue a strike that shut down Canada’s dominant carrier and severely disrupted travel throughout the country.

The announcement came at the same time that Air Canada had ordered the flight attendants to show up for work Sunday afternoon to restart service that evening.

“We will be challenging this blatantly unconstitutional order that violates the charter rights of 10,000 flight attendants, 70 percent of whom are women, and 100 percent of whom are forced to do hours of unpaid work by their employer every time they come to work,” the Canadian Union of Public Employees said in statement. “We remain on strike. We demand a fair, negotiated contract and to be compensated for all hours worked.”

The flight attendants went on strike over wages. They are also seeking to be paid for work they perform on the ground before takeoff and after landing.


2. [Finlight] The Bright Side: At Vermont's 'Dog Mountain' animal lovers celebrate beloved canines

Visitors sit in the Dog Chapel at Dog Mountain in Vermont on August 7, 2025.

Anne Pace has been hearing about Dog Mountain for years, but until earlier this month, had never made a trip to the park.

“I really wanted to see this place,” she said, during a visit to the grounds with her one-year-old border collie, Tam. “I put a note up for my previous border collie. He was my best buddy.”

Set on 150 acres tucked away on a hillside in St. Johnsbury, Vermont, Dog Mountain has become a destination for dog lovers looking to explore nature, take in art, or pay tribute to a pet.

The park was created 25 years ago by Vermont folk artist Stephen Huneck and his wife, Gwen, and features hiking trails, swimming ponds, an art gallery and a Dog Chapel where visitors can add to the thousands of photos and notes to pets that cover the chapel walls.

“It is absolutely breathtaking. That’s a lot of love when you think about each picture that’s here,” said Vanessa Hurley, who was visiting with her husband and two dogs from Ohio. “Dogs and cats both, they just bring so much enjoyment to our lives,” she said.

Inspired by the bond he shared with his dogs, Huneck wanted to create a space where other animal lovers could celebrate their beloved pets, gallery manager Pam McCann said.

“Dog Mountain is really a pilgrimage place and a sanctuary,” she said.

Huneck’s sculpture, prints and furniture are featured in the gallery and scattered throughout the park, including inside the chapel he built himself. With black labs and golden retrievers carved into the ends of each pew and images of his own dog, Sally, in the stained-glass windows, his love of dogs is evident in every detail.

Scott Ritchie and his wife, Julie, have been traveling the country in an RV with their three large dogs and thought Dog Mountain would be the perfect place for them to stretch their legs. They enjoyed it so much on their first visit, they decided to come back the next day.

“It’s very rare you see something like this anywhere. We’ve been traveling all over the US for five and a half months. Just a beautiful area,” he said.

McCann says the park was made for visitors like Ritchie.

“That’s what it’s for, people who really care and people who are very connected to everything around them,” she said. “Including the animals that they are the guardians of.”

(FRANCE 24 with AP)


3. [Finlight] France to loan iconic Bayeux Tapestry to UK for first time in 900 years

A storytelling masterpiece recounting the complex history of Anglo-French relations, will soon leave French territory for the first time in 900 years. From September of next year, the Bayeux Tapestry will star at a blockbuster exhibition in London's British museum but getting it there will require careful logistics.


4. [Finlight] How can cities adapt to climate change?

Well the world has no shortage of challenges to confront when it comes to the effects of climate change - which of course is bringing about increasingly frequent episodes of extreme weather. Whether its from heatwaves and wildfires or torrential rainfalls and landslides, urban environments are particularly vulnerable to the effects of climate change, putting cities at the heart of urgent adaptation efforts. For more on this, FRANCE 24 spoke to Elena Petsani, expert on resilience, sustainability and urban planning.


5. [Finlight] Top Wall Street analysts recommend these three stocks for attractive growth potential

In this article SBUX Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT

Dado Ruvic | Reuters

A softer-than-expected July inflation report has improved investor sentiment and revived hopes for a rate cut. Traders await more economic data to gain further insights about the state of the U.S. economy. Looking beyond macro uncertainties and tariff pressures, it is always a good idea for investors to search for stocks that have strong long-term growth potential and enhance their portfolio returns. To this end, recommendations from top Wall Street analysts can help pick attractive stocks, as these experts perform an in-depth analysis of a company's financials and growth prospects. Here are three stocks favored by the Street's top pros, according to TipRanks, a platform that ranks analysts based on their past performance.

Pinterest

First on this week's list is social media platform Pinterest (PINS). The company recently reported mixed results for the second quarter of 2025. While second-quarter revenue surpassed expectations, earnings missed the Street's consensus estimate. Meanwhile, Pinterest's third-quarter revenue outlook topped analysts' estimates. In reaction to the Q2 print, BMO Capital analyst Brian Pitz increased the price forecast for Pinterest stock to $41 from $40 and reiterated a buy rating. TipRanks' AI Analyst has an "outperform" rating on PINS stock with a price target of $40. Pitz noted that Pinterest delivered upbeat revenue and adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization) in the quarter, fueled by the company's solid execution and the strength in the retail and financial services businesses. However, the analyst pointed out that Q2 performance was adversely impacted by a 25% drop in advertising pricing resulting from the company's rising market share in previously unmonetized markets around the globe. Pitz views Pinterest as a "Clear AI Winner." While users are gaining from AI-powered search functions and algorithm upgrades on PINS' platform, advertisers are using Performance+ Creative Preview to observe modifications made by PINS+ creative tools and maximize ad efficiency. "As AI continues to drive enhancements, we see it as a clear tailwind for PINS to both improve user experience and drive greater efficiency," said Pitz. The analyst added that advertisers are also benefiting from Pinterest's useful customer insights, given that Gen-Z now constitutes more than half the platform's user base. Pitz ranks No. 95 among more than 9,900 analysts tracked by TipRanks. His ratings have been profitable 72% of the time, delivering an average return of 19.2%. See Pinterest Statistics on TipRanks.

CoreWeave

We next move to the AI cloud computing company CoreWeave (CRWV), which reported market-beating revenue for the second quarter and issued better-than-anticipated top-line guidance for the third quarter. However, the AI infrastructure company reported a larger-than-expected loss for the second quarter. Following the Q2 results, Jefferies analyst Brent Thill reiterated a buy rating on CoreWeave stock with a price target of $180. The 5-star analyst highlighted the 86% year-over-year jump in CRWV's remaining performance obligations (RPO). However, Thill noted the disappointment related to the limited sequential upside in RPO compared to the high buyside expectations following the $4 billion expanded deal with OpenAI signed in May. Nonetheless, Thill remains optimistic, given that CoreWeave signed expansion deals with two hyperscalers, which he believes reflects "the unrelenting demand for high performance compute and CRWV's best in class capabilities." Thill's bullish view on the company's backlog is also supported by the ramp-up in its capacity. Notably, CoreWeave added 600 megawatts of contracted power, bringing the total capacity to 2.2 gigawatts. Overall, the analyst is confident about RPO acceleration going forward, given that AI demand continues to exceed supply. Thill ranks No. 317 among more than 9,900 analysts tracked by TipRanks. His ratings have been successful 61% of the time, delivering an average return of 12.3%. See CoreWeave Ownership Structure on TipRanks.

Starbucks


6. [Finlight] What will the Putin-Trump meeting mean for the war in Ukraine?

High-stakes summit in Alaska ends without ceasefire deal.

The much-anticipated summit between the leaders of Russia and United States concluded without a deal to end the war in Ukraine.

Despite this, US President Donald Trump and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin say “great progress” was made at “constructive” talks in Alaska.

Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelenskyy was not invited. Instead, after a lengthy phone call with President Trump, he’s heading to the White House on Monday.

So, were ceasefire options discussed behind closed doors?

Could an end to the war finally be in sight?

And what does the summit mean for Russian-American relations?

Presenter: Adrian Finighan

Guests:

Andrei Fedorov – Former deputy foreign minister of Russia

Thomas Pickering – Former US ambassador to Russia and the United Nations

Oleksiy Goncharenko – Politician and member of the Ukrainian parliament


7. [Finlight] CoreWeave, Applied Materials And Hims & Hers Are Among Top 10 Large Cap Losers Last Week (August 11-August 15): Are The Others In Your Portfolio?

These ten large-cap stocks were the worst performers last week. Are they a part of your portfolio?

CoreWeave, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWV) stock slumped 25.84% this week. The stock may be seeing weakness after the post-IPO lock-up period expired. Also, the company reported mixed second-quarter financial results.
Coherent Corp. (NYSE:COHR) stock decreased 18.92% this week after the company announced it will sell its Aerospace and Defense Business for $400 million. Also, Coherent posted quarterly earnings of $1 per share, beating estimates of 91 cents. Bank of America Securities analyst Vivek Arya downgraded the stock from Buy to Neutral.
Maplebear Inc. (NASDAQ:CART) shares fell 14.22% this week after Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) announced a grocery expansion, including for its same-day delivery.
Ubiquiti Inc. (NYSE:UI) stock slumped 14.65% this week.
Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) stock fell 13.44% this week after the company issued weak fourth-quarter guidance. Additionally, Bank Of America Securities downgraded the stock from Buy to Neutral, and several firms cut their respective price targets.
Duolingo, Inc. (NASDAQ:DUOL) stock fell 11.98% this week.
Hims & Hers Health, Inc. (NYSE:HIMS) shares decreased 10.60% this week amid reports that the FTC is probing complaints about the company’s ads and cancellation practices.
Axon Enterprise, Inc. (NASDAQ:AXON) stock fell 9.37% this week.
NuScale Power (NYSE:SMR) stock slumped 11.30% this week. The firm filed for the offering of $500 million of Class A common stock.
Amcor plc (NYSE:AMCR) stock fell 10.32% this week after the company reported a fourth-quarter adjusted EPS miss. Baird analyst Ghansham Panjabi maintains Amcor with a Neutral and lowers the price target from $11 to $10.



Congresswoman Files Hundreds Of Stock Trades Late, Including Palantir Stock Up Over 600%


8. [Finlight] German wildfire specialist units deployed to Spain

Specially trained firefighting units from Bonn, Dusseldorf and three other cities set off from Bonn at midday on Sunday to help Spain combat its severe wildfires, according to the Bonn Fire Department.

They are part of a joint unit specializing in wildfire suppression and are being accompanied to the affected areas by firefighters from Lower Saxony.

Spain requested the assistance from the EU Civil Protection Mechanism in the early hours of the morning, the Bonn Fire Department said in a press release. A total of 67 personnel, with 21 vehicles and three trailers, have been deployed and are expected to arrive on Tuesday evening.

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

The mechanism provides for so-called wildfire modules for large-scale fires, which can be requested quickly within the European Union, the Bonn Fire Department said in a press release. A module consists of several off-road firefighting vehicles, a command unit and a logistics unit.

It remains unclear where and how exactly the firefighters will provide support, the Bonn Fire Department spokesman said on Sunday. However, the deployment is likely to take place in the north-west of Spain. The mission is currently planned to last until August 30.

Over the past two weeks, fires in Spain have already destroyed approximately 1,150 square kilometres, according to official figures.


9. [Finlight] Grassroots push for freedom grows in Gaza as Hamas tightens its deadly grip

NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

FIRST ON FOX: As Israel prepares to expand its operations in the enclave, a quiet resistance is emerging against Hamas. In eastern Rafah, teachers are laying the foundation for the first schools focused on peace and tolerance under a non-Hamas civil administration.

Samira Mousa Mohammed Abu Mousa, one of the educators, told the Center for Peace Communications in an interview, "I despise Hamas because they were discriminatory, they were extremely biased, even when posting jobs. You had to have connections to get work."

Her classroom has become a space where children are learning. During a recent lesson, she asked her students, "Is it OK to violate a girl’s rights and lock her in her room?" The response was immediate: "No way!" the kids replied. "Everyone has the right for freedom." She emphasized the broader mission of education beyond academics.

WHO IS THE GAZAN CHALLENGING HAMAS RULE, AND DOES HE HAVE A CHANCE?

"People like me yearn for peace, comfort, hope and safety. We want to live in an environment free of war, shelling and destruction. We have been living through war for two years. We will begin again and restore education, God willing."

The efforts in eastern Rafah mirror the broader shift across Gaza. Citizens, educators and activists are increasingly rejecting Hamas, calling for a government that serves civilians, not the terror organization.

"They’ve been tracking me for months," Moumen al-Natour, a lawyer and co-founder of the We Want to Live movement, told Fox News Digital. He has been forced to live like a fugitive due to Hamas' growing crackdown on dissent..

"I’m moving from place to place, hiding because I don’t want to be killed or even paralyzed. This is how Hamas operates."

Al-Natour, who is also the president of Palestinian Youth for Development, says the number of people opposing Hamas has dramatically increased since Oct. 7. "There used to be some opposition to Hamas," he says, "but after the attack and the consequences that followed, more and more people in Gaza despise them. The suffering caused by Hamas’ actions has turned the tide.

"It’s a catastrophic situation… almost the entire population has been displaced."

EXCLUSIVE: WHISTLEBLOWER ALLEGES MISCONDUCT BY UNITED NATIONS IN GAZA

Al-Natour says Hamas is using extreme measures to silence any opposition. "Hamas recently released a video showing members of the Al-Qassam Brigades executing people. They publicly threatened anyone who speaks out against them, saying they would treat them as enemies."

Mkhaimer Abusada, a Gazan political analyst speaking from Cairo, told Fox News Digital, "It’s very anti-Hamas in general, whether it’s in Gaza or among Palestinians here in Cairo. The Palestinian people have endured unimaginable hardship over the past 22 months – killing, destruction, starvation – with many now placing the blame squarely on Hamas. At the end of the day, they blame it on Hamas for the Oct. 7 attack."

He said the Israeli government's stance, which offers Hamas no alternative or negotiation options, has worsened the situation. "The worst is yet to come," Abusada warns. "The Israeli cabinet’s plan to take over Gaza City and the entire Gaza Strip will only make the situation more catastrophic."

NETANYAHU VOWS TO TAKE FULL CONTROL OF GAZA STRIP, ‘LIBERATE’ PEOPLE FROM HAMAS

Palestinians, according to Abusada, are calling for Hamas to accept a ceasefire and include other parties in the negotiations. "Negotiating solely with Hamas doesn’t help… Hamas people don't care about death. They think if they die, they go to paradise. That is why it’s very rare when Hamas fighters surrender. Most of them fight until the end, wanting to become shaheed (martyrs). They are ready to die."

"The voices I hear from Gaza are calling on Hamas to bring in the PA (Palestinian Authority) or Egypt to be part of the ceasefire talks. People just want an end to this madness," he said.

Another Gazan, who requested anonymity, echoed these sentiments. "It’s true a lot of people are against Hamas now. People speak freely about it. They're not afraid anymore. They don’t fear Hamas anymore. They are just killers, stupid people."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"The people of Gaza don’t want to fight Israel," the Gazan man added, "But at the same time, many Gazans do blame Israel for not differentiating between civilians and Hamas. Why are we being kept in the same area as Hamas? Israel should have thought about safe zones from the beginning. Now, more people are realizing the importance of this idea. We need many safe zones where people can go, far from Hamas, and where aid can reach them."

"For the first time, people are speaking out, even at great personal risk… they want change. They want an end to the violence, and they are ready to make their voices heard," al-Natour said.


10. [Finlight] White House envoy claims Russia agreed to 'Article 5-like' security guarantees for Ukraine

U.S. Special Envoy Steve Witkoff speaks during a swearing-in ceremony for Jeanine Pirro as interim U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia, hosted by U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., May 28, 2025.

Special Envoy Steve Witkoff said Sunday that Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed to allow the United States and European nations to give Ukraine "Article 5-like protection" as a security guarantee to bring an end to the war.

"We were able to win the following concession: That the United States could offer Article Five-like protection, which is one of the real reasons why Ukraine wants to be in NATO," Witkoff said Sunday on CNN.

It was "the first time we had ever heard the Russians agree to that," he continued.

NATO's Article 5 says that "if a NATO Ally is the victim of an armed attack, each and every other member of the Alliance will consider this act of violence as an armed attack against all members and will take the actions it deems necessary to assist the Ally attacked."

European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said Sunday that she welcomed the security guarantees for Ukraine, and that the "European Union ... is ready to do its share," according to the Associated Press.

Witkoff's remarks come just days after President Donald Trump met in Alaska with Putin amid his country's ongoing war with Ukraine. Trump and his administration hailed the talks as "productive," but details of the meeting have so far been scant.

Trump, in the lead-up to his meeting with Putin, repeatedly stressed the need for an urgent, long-lasting ceasefire in the war.


💻 TECHNOLOGY HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

1. Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems - SiliconANGLE

Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems

Two of the largest enterprise infrastructure vendors announced product line expansions designed to give customers more options for deploying artificial intelligence workloads at scale. New offerings from Dell Technologies Inc. and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. include systems and software updates that incorporate Nvidia Corp.'s latest graphics processing unit technology and AI software, alongside tools from other partners, to help organizations move from AI experimentation to production.

Dell said it's updating its AI Data Platform with new components aimed at improving unstructured data ingestion, transformation, retrieval and compute performance. The platform is designed to handle the full AI workload lifecycle, from data ingestion to agentic inference to knowledge retrieval.

A new unstructured data engine developed in collaboration with Elasticsearch BV provides real-time, secure access to large-scale unstructured datasets, supporting advanced vector search, semantic retrieval and hybrid keyword search. The engine integrates GPU acceleration and Nvidia NeMo Retriever microservices for use in retrieval-augmented generation applications.

The Dell AI Data Platform also integrates a federated SQL engine from Starburst Data Inc. for querying multiple data sources without moving the data, and an Apache Spark-based data processing engine for batch and real-time analytics. They sit alongside Dell's PowerScale and ObjectScale storage systems, which support structured, semi-structured and unstructured data.

On the hardware side, Dell introduced PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers equipped with Nvidia RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell Server Edition GPUs, which are data center-class graphics and compute processors built on Nvidia's Blackwell architecture and designed for AI inference, visual computing, engineering simulation and virtual workstation workloads. Dell said the new GPUs can deliver up to six times the token throughput for large language model inference compared to its previous generation, along with higher engineering simulation performance and support for more concurrent users.

The R7725 will be the first 2U server to integrate the Nvidia AI Data Platform reference design, a validated blueprint for building GPU-accelerated infrastructure. Dell said the pairing yields a turnkey system for fast inferencing, semantic search and large AI workloads.

HPE said it's expanding its line of AI-optimized systems with new configurations that also use Nvidia's Blackwell architecture GPUs, as well as the latest Nvidia AI models. The company said these updates are intended to support both agentic AI -- or systems that complete tasks autonomously or with little supervision tasks - and physical AI, which involves AI control of robotics and other hardware systems.

HPE is also adding new options to its Cray XD670 and XD675 servers that allow them to be configured with Nvidia GB200 NVL72 systems for large-scale AI training, or with RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell GPUs for inference and smaller-scale workloads. HPE said both are pre-integrated with Nvidia's AI Enterprise software suite, including the NeMo framework and pretrained models such as Nvidia Nemotron for agentic AI and Cosmos for physical AI applications.

The company is also updating its GreenLake for AI offering to support the new systems. GreenLake is a consumption-based model for deploying AI infrastructure, allowing organizations to scale GPU resources as needed while keeping workloads on-premises or in colocation facilities. HPE said its Private Cloud AI will support the latest versions of the Nemotron and Cosmos models, as well as the latest Nvidia Blueprint for Video Search and Summarization.

Both companies' announcements center on integrating Nvidia's Blackwell-generation GPUs and related AI software into systems aimed at enterprises. Dell's focus is on connecting AI models to high-quality enterprise data, especially unstructured data, while HPE is emphasizing large-scale training and deployment of both agentic and physical AI models.

The announcements are part of a broader trend by infrastructure vendors to provide turnkey AI infrastructure that combines hardware, storage, networking and AI frameworks in pre-tested configurations.

Dell said its updated AI Data Platform with the unstructured data engine will be available later this year, alongside the PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers with RTX PRO 6000 GPUs. HPE said its updated Cray XD systems and GreenLake AI configurations will also be available in the coming months.


2. China's Tech Boom Attracts Foreign Investment Surge

The rhythmic hum of robotic arms in Suzhou factories and the digital pulse of Shanghai's AI labs tell an economic success story decades in the making. China has surpassed its ambitious five-year foreign direct investment (FDI) target of $700 billion ahead of schedule, with utilized FDI hitting $708.73 billion by mid-2024 -- a powerful rebuttal to narratives of foreign capital flight. This milestone, achieved amid global protectionist headwinds, underscores China's transformation into a high-tech investment magnet where innovation outpaces politics.

Despite geopolitical turbulence and supply chain realignments, China's patient cultivation of foreign enterprise is yielding historic dividends. Ministry of Commerce data reveals foreign firms now drive one-third of China's foreign trade, contribute 25% of industrial value-added output, and account for 1 in 7 tax dollars. Critically, they've generated over 30 million jobs since 2019 -- equivalent to the population of Malaysia. The 14th Five-Year Plan's $700 billion FDI target, once viewed as ambitious, was eclipsed six months early. In H1 2024 alone, 30,014 new foreign-invested firms registered across China -- an 11.7% YoY surge. While overall utilized FDI dipped 15.2% to $58.9 billion due to 2023's record-high baseline, the structural shift toward high-value sectors signals enduring confidence. As Franz Decker, BMW Brilliance Automotive CEO, asserted during the opening of their Nanjing R&D hub: "China demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation."

China's innovation pivot is rewriting FDI playbooks. Foreign capital flowing into high-tech industries leaped from 28.3% of total FDI in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023 -- a trajectory accelerating in 2024. E-commerce services saw explosive 130% YoY FDI growth in H1, while AI, biotech, and advanced manufacturing drew multinationals seeking China's "new quality productive forces." The Third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in June became a showcase for this transformation, featuring BMW's new Nanjing facility -- its largest Asian IT R&D center -- designed to leverage China's "rapidly evolving tech landscape." Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang, attending CISCE, observed: "China's supply chain is a miracle -- the world's largest and most complex, built on deep technology, AI and software. Technology adoption here is so fast, it sets global trends." This tech-led FDI boom reflects China's 9% average FDI return rate -- among the world's highest -- and validates Beijing's 2024 Action Plan stabilizing foreign investment through streamlined approvals and market access.

The H1 2024 FDI dip requires contextual understanding. OECD data shows global FDI fell 7% in 2023, with developing Asia experiencing steeper declines. China's contraction aligns with this trend while masking sectoral dynamism. Crucially, reinvested earnings by existing foreign enterprises -- a key FDI metric -- remain robust as firms like BASF and Tesla expand Chinese facilities. The State Council's 24-point guidelines for foreign investors, emphasizing intellectual property protection and equal procurement access, further anchor confidence. As the Ministry of Commerce emphasized in its June policy briefing: "Quality supersedes quantity -- we welcome capital aligned with high-end manufacturing and digital transformation."

China's $708 billion FDI milestone proves its economic resilience isn't cyclical but structural -- built on world-class infrastructure, deep talent pools, and unwavering commitment to innovation-led growth. For global investors, the calculus remains clear: overlooking China's high-tech transformation means missing the defining economic opportunity of our decade. Explore partnership opportunities through China's International Investment Promotion Agency to position your enterprise at the convergence of technology and growth.

China's 14th Five-Year Plan targeted $700 billion in cumulative foreign direct investment between 2021-2025. Ministry of Commerce data confirms this goal was surpassed six months early, reaching $708.73 billion by June 2024.

High-tech industries now dominate China FDI flows, rising from 28.3% of total investment in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023. E-commerce, AI, and advanced manufacturing led growth, with e-commerce FDI surging nearly 130% YoY in H1 2024.

BMW CEO Franz Decker cited China's "remarkable vitality in digital innovation ecosystems" when launching their Nanjing R&D center. Proximity to tech talent, rapid commercialization, and supportive industrial policies make China indispensable for global innovation.

Officials attribute H1 2024's 15.2% FDI dip to 2023's unusually high baseline and global trends. The 2024 "Stabilizing Foreign Investment" Action Plan counters concerns through market access easing and IP protections.

At approximately 9%, China's FDI return rate outperforms most major economies, according to World Bank investment viability analyses. This sustains appeal despite geopolitical uncertainties.

Data contradicts this narrative. Beyond record cumulative FDI, 30,014 new foreign firms registered in H1 2024 -- an 11.7% YoY increase -- with expansions by firms like Nvidia and BASF confirming long-term commitment.


3. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


4. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


5. Economic Watch: China's AI Tech Boosts Global Trade Efficiency, Facilitates Supply Chain

Beijing: To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q and A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing. "Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

According to Namibia Press Agency, during discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade. Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model. "The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes. At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms. The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images, and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for the overseas market. Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba. As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in the global trade landscape. At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent, and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world." China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi, and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce. Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


6. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

A visitor tries a pair of glasses at the booth of TCL in the Digital Technology Chain area of the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China, July 19, 2025. [Photo/Xinhua]

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30% The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95%, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

Open Source

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40% compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10% of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9% year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


7. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

This photo taken on July 17, 2025 shows robots at the booth of Nvidia during the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China. (Xinhua/Ding Hongfa)

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


8. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


9. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


10. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


🎯 MARKET SYNTHESIS
----------------------------------------
Total stories analyzed: 89
Overall news sentiment: Positive (0.18)

Data Sources:
  • Financial Modeling Prep (FMP) - Market data & calendar
  • NewsAPI.ai - World, USA, and tech news
  • Finlight - Financial market news

================================================================================
END OF BRIEFING