PREMIUM MORNING MARKET BRIEFING
Generated: August 17, 2025 at 05:28 PM ET
================================================================================

📅 ECONOMIC CALENDAR
----------------------------------------
No major economic events scheduled for today.

📊 PREMARKET OVERVIEW
----------------------------------------
Index Futures: Markets closed - Weekend

Cryptocurrency (24hr):
  • BTC: $117,727.74 (+0.24%)
  • ETH: $4,469.76 (+1.01%)
  • BNB: $852.29 (+1.55%)

🌍 WORLD NEWS DIGEST
----------------------------------------

1. Worst case NASCAR Playoff scenario unfolded for Tyler Reddick, who fired shot at Daniel Suárez

Things did not go according to plan for Tyler Reddick and his 45 team at 23XI Racing. His spin in the middle of the race set him back. From there, Reddick never recovered and is still winless this NASCAR season.

With how things played out on the track, it was more bad news for Tyler Reddick. Austin Dillon shrank the bubble further. There is now a real path for Reddick to miss out on the playoffs next week at Daytona.

On top of Dillon's win, Alex Bowman picked up a lot of points and finished P2. That closed the gap between Reddick and Bowman, who could theoretically jump Reddick in points at Daytona. Just not a great weekend at Richmond for the California driver.

After the race on Saturday night, Reddick talked to the media about the results. He knows it was not a good night for him or his playoff hopes.

"It was pretty much worst-case scenario for us," Tyler Reddick said, via Kelly Crandall of RACER.com. "When you have a Toyota Camry as fast as ours is, you need to score the points. The 48 scored a lot of points, and the 3 won. So, all in all, it was pretty much a worst-case scenario. Yeah, we can thank Daniel Suárez for that."

It was a tough break for Reddick when he was spun out by Ty Gibbs via Suárez's bumper. But is that something the Trackhouse driver could have predicted when he went to move Gibbs out of the way?

At any rate, Tyler Reddick is not happy with the outcome of his night. He was not afraid to point the blame where he thought it needed to go.

While he was speaking to the media, he laid out exactly who he blamed. Even if Suárez didn't mean to wreck the 45, it was a move that wasn't necessary and was a little too aggressive.

"Daniel just got impatient and knocked the 54 out of the way, and that's what took us out," Reddick said. "Unfortunately, I had a feeling that was going to happen and I was just hoping more respect was going to be given. He went in there, and he moved the 54. I don't know if he meant for it to wreck me, but nonetheless, I feel like time and time again, Daniel has done that type of thing."

Tyler Reddick has to have at least an average finish at Daytona. His NASCAR Playoff dreams rest on the final race of the regular season.


2. China's July activity data slump shows additional stimulus needed

Chinese economic activity slowed across the board in July, with retail sales, fixed asset investment, and value added of industry growth all reaching the lowest levels of the year. After a strong start, several months of cooling momentum suggest that the economy may need further policy support

Downward pressure on property prices persisted in July

China's 70-city property price index showed that prices continued to decline. From the peak, new home prices are now down -10.7%, while used home prices are down -18.8%.

New home prices slid by -0.31% month on month, a little steeper than the -0.27% MoM decline in June, for a fourth consecutive month of steep declines. Used home prices fell -0.55% MoM, a slightly smaller drop compared to the -0.61% MoM slide in June. Neither number is likely to inspire much optimism.

The breakdown at the city level showed widespread weakness. Only 10 of 70 cities saw new home prices stabilise or pick up, the lowest number in nine months. Only 2 cities (Taiyuan and Xining) saw used home prices stabilize or pick up.

The accelerating downturn in property prices in the past few months signals that further policy support is needed. Given the high exposure of Chinese households to real estate, establishing a trough on prices is one of the most important factors to restoring confidence and generating a sustained consumption recovery. This is particularly important as domestic demand is targeted to become an increasingly important economic driver. It's difficult to expect consumers to spend with greater confidence if their biggest asset continues to decline in value every month.

The good news: after a bit of a lull period, we could soon be seeing more support rolling out. There have been some reports of renewed efforts for government acquisitions of unsold properties. This process has had limited uptake given tight local government finances and a reluctance to make purchases, especially in regions with heavy excess supply.

Steeper price declines in past few months have dampened the cautious optimism from the start of the year

Retail sales growth slumped to the lowest level of the year

Retail sales slumped to 3.7% year on year, down from 4.8%, and coming in well below market forecasts for a milder slowdown 4.6%. The 3.7% YoY read is so far the weakest for retail sales this year.

Most subcategories softened on the month, with continued outperformance of trade-in policy beneficiary categories. We wrote in last month's data comment that we could soon be nearing the peak for the policy-driven boost for retail sales. July's data supports this thesis, as household appliances (28.7%) and communication equipment (14.9%) sales grew more slowly than their respective year-to-date growth levels. These beneficiaries will likely continue to outperform for the rest of the year. But without new stimulus, momentum could slow.

Fortunately, supporting consumption remains one of the important goals for Chinese policymakers. Earlier this week, policymakers announced plans to roll out consumer loan subsidies for a one-year period, starting in September. Consumers borrowing up to 50k RMB will be eligible to have 1% of the interest rate on eligible loans subsidised by the government. The central government is set to cover 90% of the interest costs, and local governments the remaining 10%.

We think that this policy will help on the margins, especially to support consumption categories which may have a reliance on consumer loans, such as autos and home appliances. Reducing the interest rate burden will always be welcome news for households. However, the end impact is unlikely to be a game-changer. The real issue facing Chinese household consumption isn't overly expensive consumer loans, but rather a reluctance to spend amid weak confidence.

Despite a soft July number, we expect policy support should keep consumption growth near mid-single digit growth for the year as a whole.

Retail sales slumped in July amid signs that trade-in policy boost could be past its peak

Fixed asset investment growth hits new low amid drag from private sector

Fixed asset investment growth slowed to 1.6% YoY ytd in Jan-Jul, down from 2.8% YoY ytd, and well short of forecasts for a drop to 2.7%. This is the second month of sharp declines in FAI growth, which is relatively rare considering the indicator is reported in year-to-date growth and typically prone to smaller fluctuations. Slowing from 3.7% YoY in the first five months of the year to 1.8% in the first seven months suggests a steep slowdown of investment activity in June and July.

The slowdown of investment growth has been broad-based. Given the slump in property prices, combined with still elevated inventory levels, it's unsurprising that real estate investment continues to be the biggest drag on investment, down -12.0% YoY ytd. Private FAI has now fallen to -1.5% YoY ytd. This is the steepest decline since pandemic-impacted 2020. Manufacturing FAI, which has been a major outperformer over the last few years amid the hi-tech manufacturing upgrade demand, softened to 6.2% YoY ytd, the lowest level since 2023.

On the brighter side, on an industry level, FAI into auto manufacturing (21.7%), rail, ships, and aeroplane manufacturing (29.3%), and utilities (21.5%) remain at high levels.

Many corporates have been cautious with new investments amid high levels of uncertainty. With many industries also still in overcapacity, US-China trade negotiations apparently favouring short-term extensions rather than a longer-lasting "grand bargain", and an "anti-involution" push against extreme price competition in progress, investment growth could stay soft for some time.

FAI growth continued to slump across the board

Value added of industry moderated but continues to outperform

China's value added of industry slowed to 5.7% YoY in July, down from the peak of 6.8% in June. This decline was steeper than market expectations. Much like the situation with retail sales and FAI, value added of industry saw the lowest growth year-to-date. With that said, a 5.7% YoY growth remains respectable and continues to outperform the other categories.

Most categories moderated on the month after a much stronger-than-expected June. Manufacturing (6.2%) growth remained solid, with hi-tech manufacturing (9.3%) continuing to outperform.

By industry, autos (8.5%), railway, shipbuilding, and aeroplanes (13.7%), and electrical machinery and equipment (10.2%) continued to outperform headline growth handily. Food (3.8%) and beverage (0.1%) industries, along with export-dependent textiles (1.7%) and non-metallic minerals (-0.6%) have been the underperformers.

By product, we're seeing strong growth continue in semiconductors (15.0%) and new energy vehicles (17.1%). The burgeoning robotics industry is another outperformer, with industrial robots (24.0%) and service robots (12.8%) both seeing strong production growth.

The resilience of external demand has been an important factor for industrial production this year. With the US-China trade war truce extended another 90 days, and other competitors generally facing higher tariffs from the US from August onward, the backdrop would suggest that demand could remain relatively steady for much of the remainder of 2025.

Value added of industry moderated but continues to outperform

Challenging start to 2H25 shows policy support is still needed

A more challenging second half of 2025 is to be expected, after first-half growth exceeded most forecasts. The slump in July's data was more pronounced than expected. While extreme weather may have played a role, the broad-based slowdown in July comes on the heels of several months of generally slowing momentum. It suggests stimulus support is still needed.

Balancing the short-term growth stability objectives with addressing long-term issues such as extreme price competition remains the main challenge.

Attention has largely been on anti-involution policies rather than new stimulus policies in prior months, possibly as a result of 1H25 growth coming in stronger than expected. However, slowing momentum from the past few months may have been a reason for the announcement of a consumer loan subsidy policy this week, as well as more discussions on resuming property market support.

Chinese policymakers continue to adopt a flexible and supportive policy stance, and we expect more support measures to be announced in the coming months after the recent soft patch. As such, we still think China will remain on track to reach its target growth of "around 5%" this year.

Source: ING


3. DC students head back to school amid Trump focus on cleaning up juvenile crime in the district - WTOP News

(CNN) -- In southeast Washington, DC, children stood in line Friday to receive new backpacks filled with school supplies, while community organizers passed out free hot dogs and hamburgers to teenagers to celebrate the last few days of summer before. But just a few blocks away, the sight of National Guard trucks cut into the celebration -- a reminder that the school year will begin under the shadow of federal troops.

"This is not going to go off well ... most middle school kids walk to school by themselves. They're going to have to walk through soldiers and police," Dara Baldwin, a DC-based activist on the Free DC advisory council, told CNN. "They're going to be fearful for their lives. ... They're either not going to want to go to school, or they're going to react to these people in their space."

President Donald Trump's deployment of federal law enforcement to the nation's capital to combat what he has described as "roving mobs of wild youth" has ignited fear among parents, activists and youth advocates that Black and Latino teens will face heightened policing as they return to class next week.

When Trump announced he was placing the District of Columbia's police department under federal control and deploying National Guard troops, he argued that youth crime in DC demanded urgent intervention. According to a report from the DC Policy Center, the juvenile arrest rate in DC is nearly double the national rate. Data from the Criminal Justice Coordinating Council, an independent DC agency that tracks public safety statistics, shows that total juvenile arrests during the first half of 2025 have largely remained consistent with the number in the first half of each year since 2023, when there was an increase after the Covid-19 pandemic.

Looking specifically at juvenile arrests for violent offenses, which includes robberies, aggravated assaults and assaults with a deadly weapon, between 2019 and 2020, they dropped from 585 to 347, as did the overall number of arrests in DC during the beginning of the pandemic. That decline was short-lived: The numbers began climbing again in 2022, rising from 466 arrests for violent offenses to 641 in 2023 before dropping again in 2024 to 496, according to the data from the CJCC.

Youth advocates cite the city's investment in more resources and programs targeting young people as part of the reason for the drop in arrests for violent offenses. In 2023, DC Mayor Muriel Bowser issued a declaration of a juvenile crime emergency which focused city resources on addressing the issue.

This year the DC Council approved stricter juvenile curfews that also give the city's police chief the ability to double down with even stricter emergency short-term curfews. She used those curfews recently around Navy Yard, an area near the Washington Nationals ballpark and the waterfront.

"It's clear that the target is the inner-city youth," Kelsye Adams, an activist for DC statehood and director of DC Vote, told CNN at a rally outside of the Metropolitan Police Department headquarters on Friday. "And what I've seen on the news from where the police checkpoints and the neighborhoods that they're going in, they are directly attacking young, Black and brown kids."

The White House says the administration's policies are aimed at making DC safer.

"Washington DC leaders have failed the city's youth - juvenile crime has been a serious concern for residents and local leaders even before President Trump's intervention to Make DC Safe Again," Abigail Jackson, a White House spokeswoman, told CNN in a statement. "The status quo of ignoring kids committing violent crimes has not worked, it has only exasperated the situation - President Trump is making DC safe again for everyone."

The DC Metropolitan Police Department did not respond to CNN's request for comment.

CNN has spoken to more than a dozen DC residents about Trump's crime crackdown and whether it will impact the children in their communities - and some parents say the extra presence could reduce violence.

"I got mixed reactions with that," Kim Hall, 45, a longtime district resident who has three children in the DC public school system, told CNN at the backpack event in Anacostia. "To me, it actually makes the street more safe, because a lot of the crime that goes on, especially over there in southwest and southeast, is happening while the kids are going to school or they're coming out of school."

"If the police is around, there won't be so much of the gun violence," she added.

Anthony Motley, 76, a DC resident who has 10 grandchildren in the school system, told CNN that young people are "the future, and we need to protect the future. So, whatever we need to do to protect our future, I'm for that."

Others CNN spoke with, including Sharelle Stagg, a DC resident and educator in the public school system, aren't convinced that increased patrols and law enforcement are going to help their children.

"I'm not certain this is the best strategy, especially when you think about just the way that it was rolled out and kind of presented to communities," Stagg said.

Tahir Duckett, executive director of the Center for Innovations in Community Safety at Georgetown Law School, agrees that Trump deploying National Guard troops to DC could make violence worse, not better.

"When you have these major shows of force, and you have people who feel like the police aren't actually part of the community, but are more of an occupying force, then you tend to see people not want to cooperate with the police," he said, which "can lead to increased crime rates."

Youth advocates also told CNN they are worried young Black and Brown men will be the most impacted by the larger law enforcement presence. Black children make up more than half of DC's youth population, according to census data.

"I've been brought up into the community where we've seen this often. So it might look different to some other people, but not me, not the community that I come from, and our communities have been targeted for years," Carlos Wilson, who works with Alliance of Concerned Men, a group that helps inner-city youth and hosted the back-to-school event in southeast DC, told CNN.

He argued that Trump could use the funding for more resources to help young people in this city instead of on an increased law enforcement presence.

"That's what's gonna make it better, more programs, more opportunities for the younger folks. I think that's what's gonna make our community better. Not police presence. We need resources. We need help, not people coming in."

The-CNN-Wire

™ & © 2025 Cable News Network, Inc., a Warner Bros. Discovery Company. All rights reserved.


4. Cal Raleigh custom chest protector, explained: How Mariners star is honoring teammates at Little League Classic

This year's Little League Classic features one of the breakout stars of the MLB season. Cal Raleigh enters the game vs. the Mets with a league-leading 46 home runs and 100 RBIs as he gets to play in front of this year's Little League World Series participants.

As the Little League Classic also falls on Players' Weekend, Raleigh has the opportunity to use custom-designed gear for the game. Raleigh took the opportunity to create catchers gear that both honors his Mariners teammates and the Little League World Series simultaneously.

Here's a look at what Raleigh is wearing during the 2025 Little League Classic.

📲 Follow The Sporting News on WhatsApp

Every year since 2017 during the Little League World Series, Major League Baseball sends two teams to Williamsport, Pennsylvania to play a game in front of the LLWS participants. This year, the Mets are hosting the Mariners in the Little League Classic to close out the series between the two.

MORE: Phillies place Zack Wheeler on IL with 'upper extremity blood clot'

Cal Raleigh had a special chest protector made just for the Little League Classic against the Mets. The Mariners catcher got pictures of his teammates as little leaguers and put them together to create a chest protector just for this one game.

Cal Raleigh never got to play in the Little League World Series as a kid, so this will be his first appearance playing baseball in Williamsport.

MORE: Ranking the 13 best MLB players who played in the LLWS

The Little League World Series Classic is played in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, which is the same site as the Little League World Series. The game itself is played at Journey Bank Ballpark at Historic Bowman Field on the Little League World Series grounds.

MORE: Location, capacity &amp; more to know for the Little League Classic between the Mets vs. Mariners

Raleigh was born in Cullowhee, North Carolina, but he played Little League baseball at Great Smokes Little League in Sylvia, North Carolina.


5. Maharaja Trophy: Bengaluru Blasters snap Mangaluru Dragons' undefeated run as Chethan shines in three-wicket win

Mysuru (Karnataka) [India], August 18 (ANI): The Mangaluru Dragons finally met their match at the Maharaja Trophy as Chethan LR half-century guided the Bengaluru Blasters to a three-wicket victory over the table-toppers.

With the match reduced to 19 overs a side, Lochan Gowda and Sharath BR provided an explosive start to lift the Dragons to 174/6, but two-wicket hauls from Prateek Jain (2/45) and Mohsin Khan (2/26) kept them in check before the Blasters batting unit saw them home. Kranthi Kumar (2/28) was the pick of the Dragons attack yet again with a two-wicket haul, as per a press release from Karnataka State Cricket Association (KSCA).

The Blasters top order provided the early impetus. Openers, Chethan LR (74 off 46) and Rohan Patil (26 off 13) propelled them to 69/1 by the end of the powerplay. Rohan Patil was trapped LBW by Macneil Noronha in the fifth over, but Chethan continued his red-hot form, feasting on the pacers and spinners alike on his way to a 30-ball half-century.

After Mayank Agarawal (20 off 9) breezy knock with three fours and a six that ended at the hands of Sachin Shinde, Bhuvan Raju (14 off 15) joined Chethan LR to navigate the middle overs with a stand of 55 runs in 35 balls. Bhuvan supporting act was cut short in the 13th over by skipper, Shreyas Gopal, bringing the score to 129/3 in 12.3 overs.

Suraj Ahuja (21 off 12) also logged a lively knock to join Chethan in a 25-run partnership, with Chethan being the more restrained of the two. Ahuja was run out in the 16th over, and Shreevathsa Acharya dismissed Chethan, but the damage was done.

Though the Blasters faced a few anxious moments in the death, Naveen MG (4* off 8) and Vidyadhar Patil (6* off 3) scored the six runs needed in the final over to complete a comprehensive victory.

Invited to bat first, the opening pair of Lochan Gowda (49 off 32) and Sharath BR (45 off 22) smashed boundaries at will to power the Dragons to the highest powerplay score of the season with 82 runs in 5.4 overs (powerplay reduced due to rain). Lochan Gowda plundered seven fours and two sixes while Sharath cracked six fours and two sixes as the pair put on 90 runs in 45 balls.

Sharath BR looked menacing with 40 runs in his first 14 balls, but both openers missed out on their half-centuries as Mohsin Khan put the squeeze on the Dragons in the middle phase. Mohsin frugal spell accounted for Lochan Gowda in the seventh over and then rattled Sharath BR stumps in the ninth over.

The Dragons slipped further when Thippa Reddy fell to Naveen MG, and Prateek Jain picked up two wickets, removing Macneil Noronha and Aadarsh Prajwal to leave them struggling at 121/4 in 13.4 overs.

Shivaraj S (33* off 15) salvaged the innings with a late flourish, including two fours and three sixes, putting on 46 runs in 27 balls with Shreyas Gopal (12 off 14) to post 174/6 in 19 overs.

Brief Scores Mangaluru Dragons 174/6 in 19 overs (Lochan Gowda 49, Sharath BR 45; Prateek Jain 2/45, Mohsin Khan 2/26) vs Bengaluru Blasters 175/7 in 18.3 overs (Chethan LR 74, Rohan Patil 26; Kranthi Kumar 2/28). (ANI)

Disclaimer: This news article is a direct feed from ANI and has not been edited by the News Nation team. The news agency is solely responsible for its content.


6. Powerball Jackpot Surges Past $600M  --  Now One Of Biggest In History

There were no big winners for Saturday's Powerball drawing, as the jackpot now jumps to one of the highest in recent memory.

Lottery players across the country will be vying for a $605 million jackpot at the next Powerball drawing on Monday, Aug. 18, as the grand prize continues to swell as no lucky winners have hit the magic numbers.

The winning numbers for the drawing on Saturday, Aug. 16 were 23-40-49-65-69 with a Powerball of 23.

With no winners, the estimated jackpot will surpass $600 million for the 14th time in the game's history. If anyone hits all five numbers, plus the Powerball, the jackpot has a cash value of more than $273 million.

Click here to follow Daily Voice Bridgeport and receive free news updates.


7. Brazil to provide $5.6 billion to help exporters navigate US tariffs

Brazil's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva on Tuesday said his government would provide 30 billion reais ($5.55 billion) in credit as part of a plan to support companies that export goods and are affected by steeper tariffs imposed from Washington.

In an interview with local news outlet BandNews, Lula said this was an initial amount to help the exporters, adding the package will also include support through government purchases.

The government is set to announce on Wednesday the highly anticipated plan at an event 11:30 a.m. (1430 GMT) in the capital Brasilia, according to the office of Lula's chief of staff.

Reuters had reported last week, citing sources, that Brazil's government was mulling shifting some 30 billion reais from a fund managed by state development bank BNDES to support local firms hit the tariffs.

The U.S. hiked the levies imposed on the imports of Brazilian goods to 50% from 10% earlier this month, although products including orange juice and aircraft were exempted from the increase.

Source: Reuters


8. Jack Velling reportedly dealing with a foot injury but should be back "soon"

One of the most important pieces to Michigan State's 2025 puzzle is dealing with an injury during fall camp that has reportedly kept him out of practice for an extended time.

Fortunately, it sounds like the Spartans might get him back sooner rather than later.

According to SpartansWire, Bud Elliott spoke about news and notes on his Cover 3 Podcast this week, and Michigan State came up. He talked about an injury to a key offensive starter that has kept him out of practice, but he should be back "soon".

This hadn't been reported by the local media yet, so this was a bit of a surprise to hear/read. Jack Velling is expected to be one of the key pieces to Michigan State's potential 2025 turnaround. He is one of Aidan Chiles' favorite targets, and he came over from Oregon State with the QB1 as well as Jonathan Smith. His familiarity with the coaching staff and Chiles is a big reason why people expect him to have a huge senior season.

Well, that and the fact that he led the nation in touchdowns for a tight in in 2023 before transferring to Michigan State.

The 6-foot-5, 245-pound tight end from Seattle didn't score his first touchdown with the Spartans until the season finale against Rutgers, but you could tell he got more comfortable in East Lansing with each passing week in 2024.

Let's hope Michigan State gets a fully healthy Velling back by the time Western Michigan comes to town to kick off the 2025 season.


9. Ohio couple killed Friday in Orange County crash, two children hurt

According to troopers, a family from Ohio was traveling in a Honda Odyssey from Cleveland to Chapel Hill to visit family friends with their two children.

A mother and father died on Friday and their two children remain in the hospital after a crash in Orange County.

According to troopers, a family from Ohio was traveling in a Honda Odyssey from Cleveland to Chapel Hill to visit family friends with their two children.

Around 1:18 p.m. on Friday, authorities said a crash was reported around Mile Marker 162 on I-40 and I-85, when authorities arrived they saw a car on the side of the road.

Troopers said the Odyssey, driven by 55-year-old Donald Nunney, hit several trees before hitting a "very large tree" and stopped.

Nunney and his wife, 50-year-old Maria Nunney, died in the crash.

Their two children, a 14-year-old girl and 9-year-old boy, were in the back seat during the crash and were later taken to the hospital. Troopers told WRAL News the girl had more serious injuries than her brother, but did not know of their condition.

Troopers said they didn't know if speed was a factor or if there was a medical emergency, but their investigation is ongoing.


10. European leaders to join Zelenskyy for Washington talks with Trump on Ukraine peace

Kyiv [Ukraine], August 18 (ANI): Several European leaders will accompany Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy when he meets US President Donald Trump in Washington on Monday.

As per CNN, leaders from France, Germany, the UK, Italy, and Finland are expected to attend the meeting. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte will also be part of the delegation.

The Élysee Palace said French President Emmanuel Macron will continue the work of coordination between Europeans and the United States with the aim of achieving a just and lasting peace that preserves Ukraine vital interests and the security of Europe, CNN reported.

German Chancellor Friedrich Merz office said he will discuss the status of the peace efforts in Ukraine with the other attendees and highlight Germany interest in a rapid peace agreement.

British Prime Minister Keir Starmer praised Zelenskyy desire for a just and lasting peace and said he would also travel to Washington for the meeting.

On Friday, Russian President Vladimir Putin reportedly agreed to allow US security guarantees for Ukraine and made concessions on land swaps as part of a potential peace deal during his summit with Trump, according to Trump top envoy Steve Witkoff, as reported by CNN. Russia, however, has yet to mention such agreements, which appear to contradict Putin past statements.

The White House meeting will be divided into two sessions, people familiar with the planning told CNN. Trump and Zelenskyy are expected to meet individually with their delegations first, before joining a larger group session and potentially a lunch with the visiting European leaders.

Talks are expected to focus on Russia demands on land concessions and the contours of security guarantees for Ukraine, including the role of the US.

Witkoff told CNN that he believes Trump is close to securing a three-way meeting with the presidents of Russia and Ukraine. (ANI)

Disclaimer: This news article is a direct feed from ANI and has not been edited by the News Nation team. The news agency is solely responsible for its content.


11. 'I Hope We Can Achieve Great Things Together': Primož Roglič Quashes Transfer Rumors with Evenepoel Comments

Recent speculation may have linked Primož Roglič to a transfer to Movistar but the Slovenian star has dampened down such rumors with what appears to be confirmation he will remain with Red Bull-Bora-Hansgrohe.

He has a year left to run on his current contract but the news that Remco Evenepoel would join the team means that he will no longer be the top rider on the squad.

That fueled speculation that he could take over from an off-form Enric Mas as Movistar leader, something which would require him to leave Red Bull early, but now Roglič has spoken about racing alongside Evenepoel.

"I am happy with his arrival, he is special. Remco has already won quite a few races so I hope that together we can achieve great things," he told Nieuwsblad on Sunday.

"Hopefully we can achieve beautiful things together."

Roglič was speaking prior to the Etten-Leur criterium in the Netherlands. He subsequently took victory there.

Winning the Tour has long been a big career goal for the Slovenian. He held the yellow jersey for much of the 2020 race but lost the race lead the day before the finish when Tadej Pogačar swooped in the uphill time trial at La Planche des Belles Filles.

He then suffered crashes in subsequent editions, withdrawing from the 2021, 2022 and 2024 editions.

Roglič won the 2023 Giro d'Italia and also last year's Vuelta a España, proving he can still win grand tours in his 30s. However his bid to take this year's Giro ended after a number of crashes, and he was below his usual level in the Tour, finishing eighth overall.

Now 35 years of age, Roglič's Tour dream appears to be a long shot at this point of his career. Evenepoel's arrival at Red Bull further diminishes the chances, with the younger rider almost certain to take priority.

Asked about whether he and the Belgian will both line out together at next year's Tour, he said it was difficult to say at this point in time.

"The Tour is still far away, the previous one has just been completed and it is not yet certain if I can and will actually race it next year," he said. "But of course we will work hard to achieve the best together."

Shining in that race and others will of course depend on how both riders plus their team handle the other top names in the sport.

Red Bull-Bora-Hansgrohe is on a constant push for improvement and Roglič is betting on that upwards trajectory continuing.

"We still need to take steps and hopefully we can improve together," he said.

"The team is growing, but there is still a gap with Tadej Pogačar and Jonas Vingegaard," said the Slovenian.

Roglič's race program is yet to be announced for the rest of the season but he ruled out competing in the upcoming Spanish Grand Tour.

He already rode the Giro d'Italia this year, albeit withdrawing on stage 16. That participation plus his Tour ride are enough, in terms of three week races this season.

"I don't do Vuelta, so I could come to Etten-Leur. I'm glad I'm back in the Netherlands," he told In de Leiderstrui.


12. Powerball Jackpot Surges Past $600M  --  Now One Of Biggest In History

There were no big winners for Saturday's Powerball drawing, as the jackpot now jumps to one of the highest in recent memory.

Lottery players across the country will be vying for a $605 million jackpot at the next Powerball drawing on Monday, Aug. 18, as the grand prize continues to swell as no lucky winners have hit the magic numbers.

The winning numbers for the drawing on Saturday, Aug. 16 were 23-40-49-65-69 with a Powerball of 23.

With no winners, the estimated jackpot will surpass $600 million for the 14th time in the game's history. If anyone hits all five numbers, plus the Powerball, the jackpot has a cash value of more than $273 million.

Click here to follow Daily Voice Pound Ridge and receive free news updates.


13. Colts DB Gets Honest on Defense After Packers Loss

Aug 16, 2025; Indianapolis, Indiana, USA; Indianapolis Colts safety Cam Bynum (0) celebrates after a defensive stop during the first half against the Green Bay Packers at Lucas Oil Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Robert Goddin-Imagn Images / Robert Goddin-Imagn Images

The Indianapolis Colts fell in their second of three preseason outings on Saturday, as they came up short, 19-23, dropping to 0-2 in their exhibition contests ahead of next month's regular season.

Yet, in the midst of the Colts' loss, it was still a productive outing to get a glimpse of what this team may have in store for the campaign ahead, notably on the defensive end led by first-year defensive coordinator Lou Anarumo.

And in the eyes of Colts' safety and offseason addition Cam Bynum, even while suffering from the preseason loss, there's still one big takeaway he was able to gather.

"There are a lot of things to get better at- win or loss," Bynum said of his biggest takeaway after the game. "Preseason, the biggest thing you have to do is figure out how to get better every single game, every single practice, because technically, we're still in training camp. There's a lot more growth to happen and a lot more things that we can do leading up to Week 1."

What happens next for the Colts? Don't miss out on any news and analysis! Take a second and sign up for our free newsletter and get breaking Colts news delivered to your inbox daily!

The Colts held down the Packers' passing game relatively well by holding them to less than 200 yards through the air, and even forced a fumble in the process, thanks to linebacker Austin Ajiake. Green Bay's ground game would be what led the way to a winning effort, as they logged over 150 rushing yards with eight total players recording carries, the most impressive being Israel Abanikanda, who had 12 carries for 43 yards and a touchdown.

In all, not a bad performance, but clearly, leaves room for improvement.

Bynum still seemingly loves where the unit is as a whole though, and especially so with this new and improved defensive group and scheme that they've showcased in their two previous joint practices.

"I love where we are as a defense, especially in these joint practices, being able to get work against other teams and see where we really stack up," Bynum said. "Because it's one thing to go against our own team that we see every single day, but to go out in a joint practice against the Ravens and go against Green Bay - two really good playoff teams - it's been fun to be able to go against them. I think just the way our training camp was set up, it set us up really well to where now, even though it's our first year in the scheme, it feels like we've been in it for a while, and I think the chemistry is there too."

Bynum signed with the Colts from the Minnesota Vikings this offseason for what was a four-year, $60 million contract, beefing up this secondary upon Anarumo's addition to the coaching staff. Even before taking the field for Week 1, though, it's clear Bynum has grown comfortable in both a fresh scheme and a new locker room, and is ready to keep the wheels turning to get even better.

When it comes to ways that Bynum can see this group getting even more effective ahead of next year, it centers upon this Colts defense, in both the front seven and secondary, to be on the same wavelength as a collective.

"I think everybody being on the same page at all times, no matter who is in there. That's one thing about preseason - you're playing with so many different people, so everybody needs to be able to communicate as if we've been able to talk the whole time," Bynum said. "Because if everybody's communicating and knows your job, there's really not going to be any leak and any small mistakes going on because everybody is doing their one out of 11."

The Colts will have one more chance to capture a win in their preseason slate next weekend, facing against the Cincinnati Bengals before the real action of the regular season gets kicked off in September.


14. 161 aid packages airdropped into Gaza as famine toll rises

Jerusalem/Amman, Aug 18 (SocialNews.XYZ) A total of 161 packages containing food were airdropped over the Gaza Strip during an aid operation carried out by nine countries, the Israeli military said, as famine continues to spread in the enclave after nearly two years of war.

Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, Germany, Belgium, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Denmark and Indonesia joined the airdrop operation, the military said on Sunday.

Meanwhile, the Jordanian Armed Forces said in a statement that about 106 tonnes of food and relief supplies were dropped during the operation, Xinhua news agency reported.

Israel's army said the operation was coordinated "in accordance with the directives from the political echelon," while rejecting accusations of deliberate starvation.

The military began coordinating the airdrop of food packages in late July, under mounting international pressure as famine deepened in the enclave.

Saturday's flight from an air base just outside the Jordanian capital Amman took place a day after Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his government faced a wave of condemnation from European leaders, Arab nations and a group representing the families of hostages after it announced plans to take control of Gaza City in the north of the enclave.

United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres condemned the plan on Friday as a "dangerous escalation" that risks "deepening the already catastrophic consequences for millions of Palestinians".

Volker Turk, the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, also said in a statement that "the Israeli government should put all its efforts into saving the lives of Gaza's civilians by allowing the full, unfettered flow of humanitarian aid".

Deaths from starvation in Gaza have been on the rise after Israel launched a crippling blockade barring the entry of food and other vital supplies into the enclave in early March before ending its ceasefire with Hamas.

It lifted the blockade in May, allowing a basic amount of aid into Gaza, largely distributed under a controversial new distribution system led by the US- and Israel-backed Gaza Humanitarian Foundation.

Since then, nearly 1,400 people have been killed and more than 4,000 injured while seeking food, the United Nations' Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said in an update on August 12.

Experts and aid groups have called the drops inadequate, unsafe and ineffective in preventing the spread of famine, urging Israel to allow more aid trucks in and to enable the rebuilding of Gaza's health system, which has been largely destroyed by Israeli strikes.

Gaza-based health authorities said famine is spreading, with hospitals reporting seven deaths in the past 24 hours, including two children, from hunger and malnutrition. That brought the total deaths from starvation to 258, among them 110 children.

Israel has maintained there is no starvation in Gaza and that the situation on the ground is being exaggerated, almost 22 months after it launched its offensive following the Hamas-led October 7, 2023, attacks in which some 1,200 people were killed and around 250 taken hostage, marking a major escalation in a decades-long conflict.


15. Xbox Game Pass'  Biggest Game This Month Is Yet to Come

The biggest Xbox Game Pass game of August 2025 is yet to release. Xbox Game Pass has been a little slow lately after a blistering couple of months that saw subscribers enjoying day one games like Clair Obscur: Expedition 33, Blue Prince, DOOM: The Dark Ages, and most recently, Abiotic Factor. That said, this is fairly typical of Xbox Game Pass. There are typically two slow periods: December and January, and then the first two thirds of summer. In the case of the latter, things usually start to pick up at the end of August, when video game releases start picking back up. To this end, one of the biggest games of August 2025 comes out at the end of the month, and it will be available via on Xbox Game Pass the moment it does.

What is coming to Xbox Game Pass subscribers at the end of the month? Well, on August 26, Sumo Digital, Disbelief, and Xbox Game Studios are set to deliver Gears of War Reloaded, a remaster of the first Gears of War game that will be free for Gears of War: Ultimate Edition owners and free with an Xbox Game Pass subscription.

This is separate from Xbox Game Pass, but what makes this release even more notable is the game is going to introduce the series to PlayStation consoles for the first time. Interestingly, on the same day PlayStation will introduce Helldivers 2 on Xbox for the first time. This is not as consequential because Helldivers is not synonymous with PlayStation like Gears of War is Xbox, but it is an interesting coincidence.

What is important to remember with this release is you are going to want to play it right away. The legendary campaign of the first Gears of War can be played at any time, however, the multiplayer is going to fade. There will likely always be a playerbase for it throughout this console generation, but over time this will filter down into a hyper competitive and small pool of hardcore players. The vast majority of players are going to stop playing in a few weeks, or a few months at best, so it will be important to play Gears of War: Reloaded multiplayer the moment it releases to maximize the experience.

What also juices the significance of this release and addition to Xbox Game Pass is the fact that a prequel to this game, Gears of War: E-Day is the next Gears of War game and expected to release sometime in 2026. As a prequel, it can technically be enjoyed without experiencing the games that come after it, but having played at the first Gears of War game should go a long way in enhancing the experience of Gears of War: E-Day, one of 2026's biggest releases.

For more Xbox Game Pass coverage and general Xbox coverage -- including all of the latest Xbox Game Pass news, all of the latest Xbox Game Pass rumors and leaks, and all of the latest Xbox Game Pass deals -- click here.


16. Powerball Jackpot Surges Past $600M  --  Now One Of Biggest In History

There were no big winners for Saturday's Powerball drawing, as the jackpot now jumps to one of the highest in recent memory.

Lottery players across the country will be vying for a $605 million jackpot at the next Powerball drawing on Monday, Aug. 18, as the grand prize continues to swell as no lucky winners have hit the magic numbers.

The winning numbers for the drawing on Saturday, Aug. 16 were 23-40-49-65-69 with a Powerball of 23.

With no winners, the estimated jackpot will surpass $600 million for the 14th time in the game's history. If anyone hits all five numbers, plus the Powerball, the jackpot has a cash value of more than $273 million.

Click here to follow Daily Voice Chappaqua and receive free news updates.


17. Mother hiding in closet with baby shoots, kills home invader, Illinois cops say

By clicking submit, I authorize Arcamax and its affiliates to: (1) use, sell, and share my information for marketing purposes, including cross-context behavioral advertising, as described in our Privacy Policy , (2) add to information that I provide with other information like interests inferred from web page views, or data lawfully obtained from data brokers, such as past purchase or location data, or publicly available data, (3) contact me or enable others to contact me by email or other means with offers for different types of goods and services, and (4) retain my information while I am engaging with marketing messages that I receive and for a reasonable amount of time thereafter. I understand I can opt out at any time through an email that I receive, or by clicking here

An Illinois mother shot and killed a man accused of breaking into her home at night, police say.

The break-in happened at about 10:30 p.m. Friday, Aug. 15, the Joliet Police Department said in a news release.

According to police, the woman heard what sounded like someone forcing their way into her home, so she hid in an upstairs bedroom closet with her baby, and armed herself with a gun.

When the man went into the bedroom, she opened fire, hitting him in the head, police said.

Officers arrived to find the man "unresponsive," and he was confirmed dead at the scene, according to the department.

The man was wearing gloves and had a screwdriver, police said, adding that there were "signs of forced entry." The woman told police she didn't know the man.

"This case remains under active investigation, and the victim is fully cooperating with Detectives. Identification of the suspect and the manner of death will be determined by the Will County Coroner's Office," the department said.

Anyone with information is asked to contact investigators at 815-724-3020.

Joliet is a roughly 40-mile drive southwest from Chicago.

_____


18. Oil markets seen bearish after Trump-Putin Alaska meeting

Oil markets are set for a muted price reaction when they open on Sunday after U.S. President Donald Trump's and Russian leader Vladimir Putin's meeting in Alaska, at which Trump said a fully-fledged peace deal was the aim for Ukraine rather than a ceasefire.

Trump said he had agreed with Putin that negotiators should go straight to a peace settlement - not via a ceasefire, as Ukraine and European allies, until now with U.S. support, have been demanding.

The Reuters Power Up newsletter provides everything you need to know about the global energy industry. Sign up here.

Trump said he would hold off imposing tariffs on countries such as China for buying Russian oil following his talks with Putin. He has previously threatened sanctions on Moscow and secondary sanctions on countries such as China and India that buy Russian oil if no moves are made to end the Ukraine war.

"This will mean Russian oil will continue to flow undisturbed and this should be bearish for oil prices," said ICIS analyst Ajay Parmar. "It is worth noting that we think the impact of this will be minimal though and prices will likely see only a small dip in the very near term as a result of this news."

The oil market will wait for developments from a meeting in Washington on Monday between Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy. European leaders have also been invited to the meeting, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters.

"Market participants will track comments from European leaders but for now Russian supply disruption risks will remain contained," said Giovanni Staunovo, analyst at UBS.

Brent settled at $65.85 a barrel on Friday, and U.S. West Texas Intermediate at $62.80 - both down nearly $1 before the talks in Alaska.

Traders are waiting for a deal, so until that emerges, crude prices are likely to be stuck in a narrow range, said Phil Flynn, a senior analyst with Price Futures Group.

"What we do know is that the threat of immediate sanctions on Russia, or secondary sanctions on other countries is put on hold for now, which would be bearish," he said.

After the imposition of Western sanctions, including a seaborne oil embargo and price caps on Russian oil, Russia has redirected flows to China and India.

Source: Reuters (Reporting by Seher Dareen; editing by Nina Chestney and Jane Merriman)


19. US suspends visitor visas for Gazans

(CNN) -- Secretary of State Marco Rubio said Sunday that the State Department suspended visitor visas for Gazans because it received "evidence" that some organizations facilitating the visas to the US "have strong links to terrorist groups like Hamas," without providing further details.

The State Department announced in a post on X on Saturday that it would halt all visitor visas for individuals from Gaza as it reviews the process that allows them to temporarily enter the US for medical and humanitarian reasons.

Rubio told CBS' "Face the Nation" on Sunday that "evidence" had been presented to the Trump administration by "numerous congressional offices" and that the department had received "outreach from multiple congressional offices asking questions about it."

He did not give details on the evidence or the offices that presented it. Far-right Trump ally Laura Loomer has taken credit for the pause in the visas following her claims that the families arriving from Gaza "threaten our national security."

Loomer specifically criticized HEAL Palestine, an American nonprofit dedicated to providing critical aid to Palestinian families, including bringing kids suffering from severe injuries, psychological trauma and malnourishment to receive care in the US. The group says it has evacuated 63 injured children and 148 total people.

The group, which returns Palestinians back to the Middle East after they are treated in US hospitals, criticized the Trump administration's move to halt visitor visas, saying in a statement on Sunday, "this is a medical treatment program, not a refugee resettlement program."

So far in 2025, the US has issued almost 4,000 visas to people holding Palestinian Authority passports permitting them to seek medical treatment in America. That number also includes Palestinians living outside of Gaza, such as in the West Bank.

Rubio said Sunday that while a "small number" of visas had been issued to children, "they come with adults accompanying them, obviously, and we are going to pause this program and reevaluate how those visas are being vetted."

"We're not going to be in partnership with groups that have links or sympathies towards Hamas," he continued, without naming any specific groups or providing more information to corroborate the administration's concerns.

CNN reached out to the State Department for more information about the evidence cited by Rubio.

President Donald Trump acknowledged last month there is "real starvation" in Gaza, breaking with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, whom Trump has grown increasingly frustrated with.

"I see it, and you can't fake that. So, we're going to be even more involved," Trump told reporters of the humanitarian crisis.

The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2025 Cable News Network, Inc., a Warner Bros. Discovery Company. All rights reserved.


20. We keep an eye on India-Pak situation 'every single day': US Secretary of State Marco Rubio

United States Secretary of State Marco Rubio on Sunday said that the US keeps an eye on what is happening between Pakistan and India "every single day".

Rubio, who was speaking about the challenges of a ceasefire in connection to the war in Ukraine, said, "...the only way to have a ceasefire is for both sides to agree to stop firing at one another. And the Russians just haven't agreed to that."

The US Secretary of State said that beyond this, one of the complications of a ceasefire is maintaining it, adding that this was very difficult. "I mean, every single day we keep an eye on what's happening between Pakistan and India, what's happening between Cambodia and Thailand," Rubio said.

In an interview to NBC News Meet The Press, Rubio said that ceasefires "can fall apart very quickly", adding that this is especially relevant when it comes to a a three-and-a-half-year war (in Ukraine). Rubio said that the US was therefore not aiming for a permanent ceasefire, but was looking for a peace deal between Russia and Ukraine.

"....I don't think anyone disagrees that the ideal here, what we're aiming for is not some permanent ceasefire. What we're aiming for here is a peace deal so there's not a war now and there's not a war in the future," Rubio said.

Rubio also mentioned the conflict between India and Pakistan in an interview with Fox Business. "And I think we are very fortunate and blessed and should be thankful to have a President who has made peace and the achievement of peace a priority of his administration. We've seen it in Cambodia and Thailand. We've seen it in India-Pakistan," Rubio said, repeating a claim made by US President Donald Trump multiple times in the past.

However, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, during the discussion on Operation Sindoor in Parliament, stated that no leader of any country had asked India to stop Operation Sindoor. External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar has also said that there was no third-party intervention in reaching a ceasefire with Pakistan during Operation Sindoor.


🇺🇸 USA MARKET NEWS
----------------------------------------

1. Mubadala Energy Closes Strategic Investment in U.S. Natural Gas and LNG Sector with Kimmeridge - Mubadala Energy

Mubadala Energy, the international energy company headquartered in Abu Dhabi, today announced the closing of its recently reported strategic investment in the U.S. natural gas sector through its partnership with Kimmeridge, the energy-focused alternative asset manager, and the rebranding of SoTex HoldCo to Caturus, in which Mubadala Energy now owns a 24.1% equity stake.

Caturus is building the leading integrated natural gas and LNG export platform in the U.S. through a combination of its upstream operations under Caturus Energy, formerly Kimmeridge Texas Gas, and via Commonwealth LNG, a 9.5 mtpa liquefied natural gas export terminal to be located near Cameron, Louisiana.

Most recently, Commonwealth LNG announced it has contracted Technip Energies to provide engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) services to build its state-of-the-art facility and anticipates receiving final investment decision later this year. The LNG project is proceeding with significant momentum following the signing of a series of long-term binding LNG offtake agreements with top-tier global purchasers, including Glencore, JERA and PETRONAS.

The deal marks the first significant investment in the U.S energy market and reinforces Mubadala Energy's global growth strategy and further strengthens its position across the gas value chain. It also aligns with the company's commitment to playing a critical role in the energy transition by investing in low-emission energy sources.

Commenting on this important milestone, Mansoor Mohammed Al Hamed, Managing Director & CEO of Mubadala Energy, said: "Today's announcement is further evidence of our international growth strategy in action. The platform's integrated and responsible approach aligns with our plans to invest across the gas value chain in key global energy hubs where we can play a proactive role in balancing energy security and transition priorities while creating long-term value for our shareholder. We look forward to continuing our work alongside the Caturus and Kimmeridge teams."

Commenting on the deal closing, Ben Dell, Managing Partner at Kimmeridge said: "Mubadala Energy's investment is a strong endorsement of our strategy at Caturus, and we're excited to collaborate in bringing the only fully integrated natural gas independent to life. Together, we will drive innovation across the LNG industry through a powerful and responsible platform, contributing to a cleaner, more sustainable energy future."

As part of the transaction, Mubadala Energy has appointed two representatives to the Caturus Board of Managers, including Adnan Bu Fateem, Chief Operating Officer and Khaled Al Tamimi, Senior Vice President, Non-Operated Assets at Mubadala Energy. The appointments reflect the company's hands-on, value-driven approach to partnership and governance.

Adnan Bu Fateem, Chief Operating Officer at Mubadala Energy, added: "Mubadala Energy's investment approach helps create long-term value through active stewardship. We're looking forward to collaborating with the Kimmeridge and Caturus teams in shaping the strategic direction of this platform to ensure the commercial, operational and sustainability priorities are met."

The closing follows the clearance of the voluntary filing submitted under the U.S. government's CFIUS (Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States).

Source: Mubadala Energy


2. We keep an eye on India-Pak situation 'every single day': US Secretary of State Marco Rubio

United States Secretary of State Marco Rubio on Sunday said that the US keeps an eye on what is happening between Pakistan and India "every single day".

Rubio, who was speaking about the challenges of a ceasefire in connection to the war in Ukraine, said, "...the only way to have a ceasefire is for both sides to agree to stop firing at one another. And the Russians just haven't agreed to that."

The US Secretary of State said that beyond this, one of the complications of a ceasefire is maintaining it, adding that this was very difficult. "I mean, every single day we keep an eye on what's happening between Pakistan and India, what's happening between Cambodia and Thailand," Rubio said.

In an interview to NBC News Meet The Press, Rubio said that ceasefires "can fall apart very quickly", adding that this is especially relevant when it comes to a a three-and-a-half-year war (in Ukraine). Rubio said that the US was therefore not aiming for a permanent ceasefire, but was looking for a peace deal between Russia and Ukraine.

"....I don't think anyone disagrees that the ideal here, what we're aiming for is not some permanent ceasefire. What we're aiming for here is a peace deal so there's not a war now and there's not a war in the future," Rubio said.

Rubio also mentioned the conflict between India and Pakistan in an interview with Fox Business. "And I think we are very fortunate and blessed and should be thankful to have a President who has made peace and the achievement of peace a priority of his administration. We've seen it in Cambodia and Thailand. We've seen it in India-Pakistan," Rubio said, repeating a claim made by US President Donald Trump multiple times in the past.

However, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, during the discussion on Operation Sindoor in Parliament, stated that no leader of any country had asked India to stop Operation Sindoor. External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar has also said that there was no third-party intervention in reaching a ceasefire with Pakistan during Operation Sindoor.


3. Three Takeaways as Chelsea Frustrated by Crystal Palace in Premier League Opener

Chelsea played out a goalless stalemate with Crystal Palace on Sunday. / Justin Tallis/Getty Images

Chelsea were stifled by a stubborn Crystal Palace outfit at Stamford Bridge on Sunday afternoon, as the two teams played out a goalless draw.

Both teams entered the opening weekend with springs in their steps off the back of successful summers. While Palace added a Community Shield to complement their FA Cup triumph in May, Enzo Maresca's Blues were crowned world champions in the United States.

There's been plenty of buzz surrounding Maresca's outfit heading into the new season, with an array of fresh faces making a quick early impression. Five new signings were handed run-outs, including three Premier League debutants, but Chelsea were blunted by a side who have developed a knack for frustrating the division's best and are now ten games unbeaten in all competitions.

Here are three takeaways from Sunday's stalemate at the Bridge.

Oliver Glasner's Eagles are a tough nut to crack. They proved that during their run to FA Cup glory before troubling Liverpool with their wing-back play and verticality in possession in last week's Community Shield.

They produced some slick passing sequences in the first half here, one of which led to a Jean-Philippe Mateta shot on goal. Their threat did dwindle as the game progressed, although Mateta was a nuisance every time he was able to isolate one of the Chelsea centre backs, including young Josh Acheampong.

The visitors were the superior side in the opening 45 minutes, and were harshly denied an opening goal. Without the ball, they combined astute screening and aggressive centre back play to ensure Chelsea were unable to progress centrally, and their wing-backs were rarely left one-on-one against the Blues' spritely wide players, with Jamie Gittens and Pedro Neto often having at least two to beat.

Maresca's side were stuck in the mud for large portions of Sunday's bout as a result of Palace's impressive cohesiveness, producing a performance akin to some of their flattest last term. They were pretty insipid, with the manager perhaps not doing enough to shift the momentum despite turning to his bench multiple times.

Expectations are grand for Cole Palmer in 2025-26, after the Englishman lit up the latter stages of the Club World Cup in July.

Palmer was the sole protagonist of Mauricio Pochettino's campaign at the helm, recording a whopping 33 Premier League goal contributions, and 2024-25 was far from a disappointment, even if some accused Enzo Maresca of inhibiting the care-free Englishman.

Chelsea supporters will hope Palmer's display is not a sign of things to come this term. Palace limited his influence via shrewd midfield screening as opposed to man-marking, but when he was able to get his foot on the ball, Palmer was uncharacteristically tame.

The cold-blooded killer that manifests when he's purring was nowhere to be seen here, with the Englishman instead struggling to correctly weigh his passes and galvanise a new-look outfit that, for the majority of the contest, offered little by way of attacking inspiration.

Remarkably, he hasn't scored a Premier League goal from open play since January 14. A free-kick which thumped Chris Richards in the face was his only sight on Sunday.

There was an expectation on Saturday that Crystal Palace's FA Cup hero wouldn't feature at Stamford Bridge in the Eagles' Premier League opener, with Tottenham Hotspur closing in on their new No. 10.

Eze has made it clear that he wants to join the north London club, but the absence of an agreement meant Oliver Glasner felt obliged to include the England international in his matchday squad. The 27-year-old didn't quite last the entirety of Sunday's bout, as he was withdrawn with seven minutes to go.

A rousing reception from the away end ensued, with the majority suspecting that this is the final time they'll see him in Palace colours. His performance was a bit of an odd one, with questionable decisions in possession undermining sequences of vintage Eze magic. There was a sublime nutmeg on Reece James in the first half, and a clever dummy in the second to set Tyrick Mitchell free down the left, for example.

Cruelly, he was denied an early opener following VAR intervention, as his thumping free-kick was ruled out for a pedantic Marc Guéhi infringement. Given how well Palace defended in west London, that may well have proven to be a fitting winner.

Spurs started their 2024-25 campaign with a comfortable 3-0 victory over Burnley, having performed impressively in the UEFA Super Cup, but their need for a playmaker of Eze's ilk after James Maddison succumbed to a ruptured ACL, remains distinct. What are they waiting for?


4. New sensors are designed to predict flooding in Chicago

By clicking submit, I authorize Arcamax and its affiliates to: (1) use, sell, and share my information for marketing purposes, including cross-context behavioral advertising, as described in our Privacy Policy , (2) add to information that I provide with other information like interests inferred from web page views, or data lawfully obtained from data brokers, such as past purchase or location data, or publicly available data, (3) contact me or enable others to contact me by email or other means with offers for different types of goods and services, and (4) retain my information while I am engaging with marketing messages that I receive and for a reasonable amount of time thereafter. I understand I can opt out at any time through an email that I receive, or by clicking here

As the rain came down in sheets one summer afternoon late last month, Thomas Baranowski was sitting on the back porch of his Garfield Ridge home when his wife, Rose, stepped outside.

"'Oh come on, you've got to see this,'" she told him.

He followed her down the steep stairwell to their basement, where water was spewing out of their flood drain "just like a geyser," Baranowski, 79, recalled. Though he and Rose, 80, are lifelong Chicagoans and no strangers to urban flooding, they didn't see the deluge coming -- or the thousands of dollars in water damage that followed. But what if they had been given a heads-up the rain would hit their block so hard?

A new initiative recently launched in Chicago is striving to do just that.

Verizon, in conjunction with Chicago's Center for Neighborhood Technology and a Michigan-based startup, is equipping the city with technology that will give officials and residents alike the ability to track urban flooding in real time. The venture, project partners say, could eventually help Chicago better respond to and mitigate the impact of flash floods -- especially in areas that have historically faced the brunt of torrential rain -- as human-made climate change intensifies storms in the Midwest and places pressure on the city's outdated sewer system.

At the core of the initiative are wireless floodwater sensors that, using sonar technology, can calculate the depth of nearby water in seconds. The idea is to deploy a network of these sensors citywide, which together will be able to track when and where water levels are rising during a storm. To date, 10 sensors have been installed from South Deering on the Far South Side to Austin on the West Side, with 40 more due for installation over coming months.

This marks only the second time in the United States that technology of this kind has been deployed on a citywide scale.

The sensors are the product of Hyfi, an Ann Arbor company launched five years ago by University of Michigan engineering professor Branko Kerkez and his former doctoral student, Brandon Wong, after the pair sought to devise a technological solution to changing climate conditions, according to Wong, now CEO of the startup.

From California, Wong grew up around weather extremes, from droughts and flooding to wildfires, he said, noting he still remembers days when he'd wake up to "ash raining" from a bright orange sky. But it wasn't until he moved out to Michigan for graduate school 12 years ago and shortly after saw historic flooding kill two people and cause millions of dollars of damage in Detroit that Wong knew he wanted to find a way to temper the impact of climate disasters.

Hyfi sensors can detect how high floodwaters are rising within a 30-foot radius by generating a continuous, nearly inaudible sound wave pulse on the water's surface. To detect urban flooding, sensors are placed in low-lying areas, along viaducts and under manhole covers to see where water is pooling first or backing up, down to a city's pipes. Data the sensors collect is reported to a central server, which Hyfi then visualizes in a map of real-time flood conditions.

The technology is making its Chicago debut as part of a larger effort by Verizon, using Hyfi's sensor platform, to improve flood response and stormwater management systems across the country. The initiative first rolled out in New Orleans last summer and is due to launch in Detroit over the next year, according to Donna Epps, chief responsible business officer at Verizon.

For now, as sensors are piloted in Chicago, water level readings won't be widely available quite yet, Wong said, but the goal is to have data live on a public-facing platform that residents can access. Wong pointed to New Orleans, where, after an initial citywide installation of 27 Hyfi sensors, the city integrated the data into its own public alert system.

The sensors could give communities and first responders a warning that flooding is imminent up to an hour before it hits, Wong says. That advance notice, Wong said, could be indispensable to local residents fearful of flood damage in their homes and for avoiding streets prone to flooding.

Almost every time it's rained this year, Emmanuel Garcia has noticed that water pools on the streets and sidewalks around Belmont Cragin, where the 17-year-old has lived his entire life, he said. His family has had to stay in their apartment during storms for fear of encountering dangerous roadway conditions or having their basement flood, Garcia said.

Jean Flisk, 58, who grew up in Canaryville but now lives on the Southwest Side, said she "rain preps" her basement, which frequently floods during storms.

"If they say there's a flood warning or the rain is going to be really bad, I have to go and move everything in the basement ... just in case," she said. "It's aggravating, it's a pain. I don't know if there's something to do."

There is, Hyfi and Verizon hope. Beyond proactively reporting floods, the project's partners imagine that over time, data can help inform long-term resilience planning, they say, particularly in areas of the city that have habitually been vulnerable to significant flooding.

Hyfi and Verizon are also collaborating with the Center for Neighborhood Technology, a Chicago-based urban research group, to host community meetings where residents can give their input on where and how they'd like to see sensors used. So far, the group has hosted meetings in Chatham and Belmont Cragin, two neighborhoods troubled with chronic flooding, with several more planned for this year. The meetings were held in tandem with local organizations, including the Greater Chatham Initiative on the South Side and the Grassroots Empowerment Mission and North River Commission on the Northwest Side.

With these meetings and the venture overall, the broader goal is to chart a path forward where "we systemically even stop the flooding from happening," Center for Neighborhood Technology CEO Nina Idemudia said. "How do we work on improving the drainage system, improving where we make capital improvements in order to make sure the water is draining?"

Sensors won't reveal new insights into which parts of Chicago are hit hardest by flooding, Idemudia said, but it could draw awareness to a long-standing need. She pointed to a 2019 study by the center that found urban flooding in Chicago disproportionately affects communities of color.

"Data is another way of accountability, right?" Idemudia said. "It's one way to say you can't deny our current circumstances or our lived experience anymore. Here's the hard data. We're going to hold you to making changes until the outlook and impact of this data changes."

Following recent rainfall, the lived impact of urban flooding has been in full view. Since Wednesday, representatives from Chicago's Office of Emergency Management and Communications, alongside the Federal Emergency Management Agency, Small Business Administration and the Illinois Emergency Management Agency and Office of Homeland Security, have been going door to door assessing homes for damage from storms and subsequent flooding that swept through the city last month.

These assessments follow disaster proclamations both Mayor Brandon Johnson and Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle issued on Aug. 6 to assist residents in recovering from the July storms. They will help determine if and how much government assistance residents will qualify for, according to OEMC Emergency Services Manager Kaila Lariviere.

Assessment teams have been directing their efforts based on a survey released a few weeks ago that gave residents the chance to self-report if they had been affected by the storms. Some 2,900 Cook County and Chicago residents reported damages, Lariviere said.

Last Thursday, assessment teams spent the morning walking through Garfield Ridge on the Southwest Side. One of the surveyed homes belonged to Larry Anguiano, a husband and father whose basement flooded entirely in last month's storms, forcing his family to replace rugs, carpets and furniture in their home of the past five years, he told the Tribune.

"It was extremely quick," he said, adding that since, he's been wary of it happening all over again. "If there's that type of rain and you see it fill up in the streets, (you think), 'Oh no.'"

The Baranowskis, who were also visited by damage assessment teams last week, echoed the sentiment. The past few weeks have been "backbreaking" work to replace the walls and flooring of their flooded basement, Hope Baranowski said. The couple plans to install a flood control system because "we can't have this happen again," Thomas added.

When Chicago received from 1.5 to 4.5 inches of rainfall across the city last week, according to the National Weather Service, the Baranowskis waited anxiously for the storms to pass.


5. Separated by a border for decades, parents and children are reunited at last

By clicking submit, I authorize Arcamax and its affiliates to: (1) use, sell, and share my information for marketing purposes, including cross-context behavioral advertising, as described in our Privacy Policy , (2) add to information that I provide with other information like interests inferred from web page views, or data lawfully obtained from data brokers, such as past purchase or location data, or publicly available data, (3) contact me or enable others to contact me by email or other means with offers for different types of goods and services, and (4) retain my information while I am engaging with marketing messages that I receive and for a reasonable amount of time thereafter. I understand I can opt out at any time through an email that I receive, or by clicking here

José Antonio Rodríguez held a bouquet of flowers in his trembling hands.

It had been nearly a quarter of a century since he had left his family behind in Mexico to seek work in California. In all those years, he hadn't seen his parents once.

They kept in touch as best they could, but letters took months to cross the border, and his father never was one for phone calls. Visits were impossible: José was undocumented, and his parents lacked visas to come to the U.S.

Now, after years of separation, they were about to be reunited. And José's stomach was in knots.

He had been a young man of 20 when he left home, skinny and full of ambition. Now he was 44, thicker around the middle, his hair thinning at the temples.

Would his parents recognize him? Would he recognize them? What would they think of his life?

José had spent weeks preparing for this moment, cleaning his trailer in the Inland Empire from top to bottom and clearing the weeds from his yard. He bought new pillows to set on his bed, which he would give to his parents, taking the couch.

Finally, the moment was almost here.

Officials in Mexico's Zacatecas state had helped his mother and father apply for documents that allow Mexican citizens to enter the U.S. for temporary visits as part of a novel program that brings elderly parents of undocumented workers to the United States. Many others had their visa applications rejected, but theirs were approved.

They had packed their suitcases to the brim with local sweets and traveled 24 hours by bus along with four other parents of U.S. immigrants. Any minute now, they would be pulling up at the East Los Angeles event hall where José waited along with other immigrants who hadn't seen their families in decades.

José, who wore a gray polo shirt and new jeans, thought about all the time that had passed. The lonely nights during Christmas season, when he longed for the taste of his mother's cooking. All the times he could have used his father's advice.

His plan had been to stay in the U.S. a few years, save up some money and return home to begin his life.

But life doesn't wait. Before he knew it, decades had passed and José had built community and a career in carpentry in California.

He sent tens of thousands of dollars to Mexico: to fund improvements on his parents' house, to buy machines for the family butcher shop. He sent his contractor brother money to build a two-bedroom house where José hopes to retire one day.

His mother, who likes talking on the phone, kept him informed on all the doings in town. The construction of a new bridge. The marriages, births, deaths and divorces. The creep of violence as drug cartels brought their wars to Zacatecas.

And then one day, a near-tragedy. José's father, jovial, strong, always cracking jokes, landed in the hospital with a heart that doctors said was failing. He languished there six months on the brink of death.

But he lived. And when he got out, he declared that he wanted to see his eldest son.

A full third of people born in Zacatecas live in the U.S. Migration is so common, the state has an agency tasked with attending to the needs of Zacatecanos living abroad. It has been helping elderly Mexicans get visas to visit family north of the border for years.

The state tried to get some 25 people visas this year. But the United States, now led by a president who has vilified immigrants, approved only six.

José had a childhood friend, Horacio Zapata, who also migrated to the U.S. and who hasn't seen his father in 30 years. Horacio's father also applied for a visa, but he didn't make the cut.

Horacio was crestfallen. A few years back, his mother died in Mexico. He had spent his life working to help get her out of poverty, and then never had a chance to say goodbye. He often thought about what he would give to share one last hug with her. Everything. He would give everything.

He and his wife had come with José to offer moral support. He put his arm around his friend, whose voice shook with nerves.

East L.A. was normally bustling, filled with vendors hawking fruit, flowers and tacos. But on this hot August afternoon, as a car pulled up outside the event hall to deposit José's parents and the other elderly travelers, the streets were eerily quiet.

Since federal agents had descended on California, apprehending gardeners, day laborers and car wash workers en masse, residents in immigrant-heavy pockets like this one had mostly stayed inside.

The thought crossed José's mind: What if immigration agents raided the reunion event? But there was no way he was going to miss it.

Suddenly, the director of the Federation of Zacatecas Hometown Associations of Southern California, which was hosting the reunion, asked José to rise. Slowly, his parents walked in.

Of course they recognized one another. His first thought: How small they both seemed.

José gathered his mother in an embrace. He handed her the flowers. And then he gripped his father tightly.

This is a miracle, his father whispered. He'd asked the Virgin for this.

His father, whose heart condition persists, was fatigued from the long journey. They all took seats. His father put his head down on the table and sobbed. José stared at the ground, sniffling, pulling up his shirt to wipe away tears.

A mariachi singer performed a few songs, too loudly. Plates of food appeared. José and his parents picked at it, mostly in silence.

At the next table, José Manuel Arellano Cardona, 70, addressed his middle-aged son as muchachito -- little boy.

In the coming days, José and his parents would relax into one another's company, go shopping, attend church. Most evenings, they would stay up past midnight talking.

Eventually, the parents would head back to Zacatecas because of the limit on their visas.

But for now, they were together, and eager to see José's home. He took them by the arms as he guided them out into the California sun.

_____


6. European Leaders To Join Zelensky At White House Meeting

Shutterstock-United States of America, Ukraine and Russia flags

European leaders will be joining Ukrainian President Volodomyr Zelensky at the White House for Monday's talks about ending the war with Russia.

German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, European Commission president Ursula von der Leyen and British Prime Minister Keir Starmer are among those planning to meet with President Trump to discuss America's new approach to ending the conflict.

Secretary of State Marco Rubio said Sunday that any agreement to end the conflict would have to include some security measures for Ukraine. The high-stakes talks follow Trump's historic summit with Russian leader Vladimir Putin in Alaska.


7. Truck Driver Arrested by ICE After Fatal Illegal U-Turn Kills Three in Florida

An illegal U-turn by an undocumented truck driver on Florida's Turnpike ended in tragedy on August 12, when a minivan collided with the semi-trailer, resulting in three fatalities. The driver, identified as 28-year-old Harjinder Singh, was taken into custody and is facing three counts of vehicular homicide, as confirmed by the Florida Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles (FLHSMV) in a statement released this Saturday.

According to the Florida Highway Patrol, Singh was operating a truck in St. Lucie County when he attempted a turn in a section marked "official use only." This illegal maneuver obstructed the path of a Chrysler minivan traveling in the left lane, whose driver could not stop in time to avoid the crash.

The victims have been identified as a 30-year-old man from Florida City, who was driving the vehicle; a 37-year-old woman from Pompano Beach, and a 54-year-old man from Miami, both passengers. Two died at the scene, and the driver succumbed to injuries shortly after at a nearby hospital.

The collision led to the closure of all northbound lanes for several hours as rescue teams worked to extricate the trapped victims and clear the debris. Authorities confirmed that Singh had illegally entered the United States in 2018 by crossing the Mexican border. Despite this, he managed to obtain a commercial driver's license in California, allowing him to operate the truck in Florida.

The truck driver was apprehended with the cooperation of the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), which issued a detainer to keep him in custody for immigration violations. FLHSMV Executive Director Dave Kerner described the incident as a criminal act that leaves an indelible mark of grief. "Three lives were lost due to his recklessness, and countless friends and family will endure the pain of their loss forever," he stated. Kerner added that Singh "can no longer harm or destroy the lives of Floridians and visitors" now that he is in state and federal custody.

Reported by local media outlets like Fox 29 and WFLA, the case has reignited the debate over the dangers posed by drivers without legal status in the United States and the shortcomings in issuing commercial licenses.

This accident brings to mind a similar incident in June in Texas, where a Cuban, Alexis Osmani González Companioni, a former leader of the FEU and the Young Communist League (UJC) in Villa Clara, caused a chain-reaction crash on Interstate 20 that resulted in five deaths and several injuries. González Companioni, 27, allegedly fell asleep at the wheel of an 18-wheeler and faced five counts of involuntary manslaughter and multiple charges of aggravated assault. Among the victims was nearly an entire family, as reported by the Texas Department of Public Safety.

In both cases, reckless driving of a cargo truck led to irreparable loss and deep sorrow for the affected families, rekindling discussions on road safety, accountability, and the situation of migrants in the United States.


8. Arsenal wins 1-0 at Man United as Chelsea held by Palace in Premier League

Arsenal kept at bay Manchester United's expensively assembled forward line and scored again from a set piece to win 1-0 in the marquee match in the opening round of the Premier League on Sunday.

Arsenal defender Riccardo Calafiori nodded in from close range in the 13th minute after United back-up goalkeeper Altay Bayındır -- starting ahead of Andre Onana -- flapped at the ball from a corner whipped in by Declan Rice.

While Arsenal followed likely title rivals Liverpool and Manchester City in claiming an opening-weekend victory, United fell to a loss that is all-to-familiar under Ruben Amorim following a woeful 15th-place finish last season by English soccer's fallen giant.

United spent around 200 million pounds ($270 million) on revamping its attack in the offseason, with Bryan Mbeumo and Matheus Cunha starting the match and Benjamin Sesko coming off the bench in the second half.

While the team played with a good intensity at Old Trafford, Arsenal's strong defense stood firm.

At the other end, Viktor Gyokeres endured a difficult first competitive start for Arsenal, whose goal came from a familiar route with Mikel Arteta's team so imposing from set-piece situations in recent seasons.

Chelsea also failed to score in its opening league game, held 0-0 by Crystal Palace in its first competitive match as the club world champion.

A month after stunning Paris Saint-Germain in the Club World Cup final, Chelsea toiled at Stamford Bridge after a short preseason because of its exertions in the United States.

Eberechi Eze has been heavily linked with a move to Tottenham so the England midfielder might have been making his final appearance for Palace.

He almost marked it with a goal.

In the 13th minute, Eze smashed a direct free kick past Chelsea goalkeeper Robert Sanchez from the edge of the area but the goal was ruled out after a video review spotted an infringement by Palace captain Marc Guehi as he attempted to push aside Chelsea's Moises Caicedo in the defensive wall.

The Premier League confirmed Guehi was standing less than one meter (yard) from the wall as the shot was taken, which is not allowed.

Joao Pedro and Cole Palmer, stars for Chelsea in the Club World Cup, were quiet. The hosts lacked intensity because they've only been back in training for a couple of weeks, while Palace has had a long preseason and was coming off beating Liverpool on penalties in the Community Shield last weekend.

Nottingham Forest hit the ground running with a 3-1 win over Brentford, with striker Chris Wood -- the team's top scorer last season with 20 goals -- netting twice in the first half either side of a goal on debut by Dan Ndoye.

Wood started quickly last season in the best goalscoring top-flight campaign of his career and he needed just five minutes to open his account this time round, making the most of a poor clearance at a corner to poke home a finish.

Ndoye headed in a second in the 42nd minute and Wood rounded the goalkeeper in first-half stoppage time to stroke in a third.

Igor Thiago converted a late penalty for a consolation for Brentford, which might struggle this season after selling star forward Bryan Mbeumo to Manchester United and not having first-choice striker Yoane Wissa available. Wissa has been linked with a move to Newcastle.

All matches on Sunday featured a period of silence before kickoff as a tribute to Diogo Jota and Andre Silva, the brothers who were killed in a car crash in Spain last month. Jota was a player for Liverpool at the time.

© Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without permission.


9. US Envoy Says Putin Agreed to Security Protections for Ukraine as Part Trump Summit

U.S. special envoy Steve Witkoff revealed on Sunday that during President Donald Trump's summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin, Moscow accepted that Washington and its European partners could extend to Ukraine a form of protection similar to NATO's Article 5 as part of an eventual agreement to end the war that has dragged on for three and a half years.

"We were able to win the following concession: That the United States could offer Article 5-like protection, which is one of the real reasons why Ukraine wants to be in NATO," he said on CNN's "State of the Union." He added that it "was the first time we had ever heard the Russians agree to that."

At a press event in Brussels, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen stood alongside Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and declared that "we welcome President Trump's willingness to contribute to Article 5-like security guarantees for Ukraine. and the 'Coalition of the willing' -- including the European Union -- is ready to do its share."

Offering an early glimpse into what was discussed at Friday's summit in Alaska, Witkoff said the parties agreed on "robust security guarantees that I would describe as game-changing." He explained that Russia pledged to put into law a commitment not to seek further territorial expansion in Ukraine.

Zelenskyy expressed gratitude to Washington for the indications that it is prepared to help provide security assurances, though he cautioned that the specifics are still missing.

"It is important that America agrees to work with Europe to provide security guarantees for Ukraine," he said, "But there are no details how it will work, and what America's role will be, Europe's role will be and what the EU can do, and this is our main task, we need security to work in practice like Article 5 of NATO, and we consider EU accession to be part of the security guarantees."

Witkoff defended Trump's decision not to push for an immediate ceasefire agreement from Russia, saying the president shifted focus to a broader peace framework because the negotiations had advanced significantly.

"We covered almost all the other issues necessary for a peace deal," Witkoff said, without elaborating.

"We began to see some moderation in the way they're thinking about getting to a final peace deal," he said.

Secretary of State Marco Rubio emphasized that if a ceasefire was not achieved, Trump had already made clear before the summit that there would be "additional consequences." But he pointed out that any ceasefire arrangement could not have been struck since Ukraine was not present at the table.

"Now, ultimately, if there isn't a peace agreement, if there isn't an end of this war, the president's been clear, there are going to be consequences," Rubio said on ABC's "This Week." "But we're trying to avoid that. And the way we're trying to avoid those consequences is with an even better consequence, which is peace, the end of hostilities."

Rubio, who also serves as Trump's national security adviser, argued that new sanctions would not be the tool to bring Putin into line, though he did not rule them out completely. He stressed that "the best way to end this conflict is through a full peace deal."

"The minute you issue new sanctions, your ability to get them to the table, our ability to get them to table will be severely diminished," Rubio said on NBC's "Meet the Press."

He further cautioned that a final agreement was still far off.

"We're not at the precipice of a peace agreement," he said, adding that reaching such a deal would demand time and effort.

"We made progress in the sense that we identified potential areas of agreement, but there remains some big areas of disagreement. So we're still a long ways off," Rubio said.

On Monday, Trump will host Zelenskyy and European leaders at the White House for follow-up talks after his discussions with Putin. Witkoff said the atmosphere after Friday's summit was optimistic.

"I think everybody agreed that we had made progress. Maybe not enough for a peace deal, but we are on the path for the first time," Witkoff said.

He noted that the most contentious issue -- territorial swaps -- was not on the table in Alaska. "The fundamental issue, which is some sort of land swap, which is obviously ultimately in the control of the Ukrainians -- that could not have been discussed at this meeting" with Putin. "We intend to discuss it on Monday. Hopefully we have some clarity on it and hopefully that ends up in a peace deal very, very soon."


10. PSG get Ligue 1 title defence off to winning start

Paris Saint-Germain got their defence of the Ligue 1 title off to a winning start on Sunday as Vitinha's deflected strike proved enough to earn the European champions a 1-0 victory away to Nantes.

The Portuguese midfielder's effort midway through the second half beat goalkeeper Anthony Lopes with the aid of a wicked deflection off Nantes defender Chidozie Awaziem to break the deadlock.

PSG were made to work hard for their victory as coach Luis Enrique made seven changes to his starting line-up following the UEFA Super Cup win on penalties against Tottenham Hotspur in midweek.

That was the first game of the new campaign for last season's Champions League winners, who only began pre-season training on August 6 having gone all the way to the Club World Cup final in the United States in mid-July.

They did not play any friendly matches prior to that and are therefore likely to require several weeks before getting close to the level at which they performed last season.

However, they still had enough against a hard-working but punchless Nantes side, playing a first competitive match under new Portuguese coach Luis Castro.

Ukraine defender Illia Zabarnyi played 90 minutes on his PSG debut after arriving at the start of the week from Bournemouth in a reported 66 million-euro (£57m, $76.7m) deal.

Lucas Chevalier also started with the new arrival from Lille having immediately taken over from Gianluigi Donnarumma as Luis Enrique's first-choice goalkeeper.

The likes of Ousmane Dembele, Achraf Hakimi, Desire Doue, Nuno Mendes and Khvicha Kvaratskhelia all started the game on the bench but the substitutes played a part in the goal which came on 67 minutes.

Dembele played a corner from the PSG left short to Mendes and his square pass was controlled by Vitinha before the playmaker fired in.

Goncalo Ramos, who hit the bar in the first half, then had an effort disallowed for offside late on, before Bradley Barcola clipped a shot just wide.

PSG's next game will be at home to Angers next Friday evening.

Elsewhere on Sunday, France's 2018 World Cup-winning striker Olivier Giroud scored his first goal for Lille in their 3-3 draw at Brest.

Angers beat newly-promoted Paris FC 1-0 with Esteban Lepaul scoring the only goal early on and the hosts holding on despite playing most of the second half down to 10 men.

Strasbourg were 1-0 winners at Metz thanks to a late strike by Argentine summer signing Joaquin Panichelli.

Auxerre beat Lorient 1-0, and it is Monaco who are the first league leaders in France this season thanks to their 3-1 win over Le Havre on Saturday.


💰 FINANCIAL SECTOR UPDATES
----------------------------------------

1. [Finlight] Huge crowds gather in Israel calling for hostage deal and end to Gaza war

Huge crowds gather in Israel calling for hostage deal and end to Gaza war

Just now Share Save Asya Robins BBC News Share Save

Getty Images "Hostages Square" on Sunday in Tel Aviv

Hundreds of thousands of people have gathered in Israel to call for an end to the Gaza war and a deal to secure the release of hostages held by Hamas. The largest crowd was seen in Tel Aviv's "Hostages Square" on Sunday, with the organisers saying the government's plans to seize control of Gaza City risked the lives of around 20 hostages still being held by Hamas. A one-day national strike - part of wider protests - closed roads, offices and universities in some areas. Nearly 40 people were arrested during the day. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu criticised the protests, saying they would "harden Hamas's stance" and would only slow down the release of the hostages.

Watch: Protesters block Israeli road demanding hostage deal and war end

Far-right Israeli minister Bezalel Smotrich also denounced the protests, describing them as a "harmful campaign that plays into the hands of Hamas". The national strike was demanded by the families of hostages and others opposed to the expansion of the war. Einav Zangauker, mother of hostage Matan and a leading figure in the Hostage and Missing Families Forum, said the group demanded "a comprehensive and achievable agreement and an end to the war". "We demand what is rightfully ours - our children," she told the crowd in Tel Aviv. "The Israeli government has transformed a just war into a pointless war." She was speaking after a video was released of her son. "My heart burns with longing. My whole heart is scorched because of my Matan. Matan, I, an entire nation, we are doing everything we can for you, for all the hostages," she said. The protests came a week after Israel's war cabinet voted to occupy Gaza City, the territory's largest city, and displace its population, in a move condemned by the UN Security Council. Thousands of residents have since fled Gaza City's southern Zeitoun neighbourhood, where days of continuous Israeli bombardment have created a "catastrophic" situation, the city's Hamas-run municipality told the BBC.

Reuters Protesters filled main roads on the way to Hostages Square in Tel Aviv

At least 40 people were killed by Israeli attacks across the territory on Saturday, Gaza's civil defence agency said. Hamas said in a statement that Israeli forces had been carrying out a "sustained offensive in the eastern and southern neighbourhoods of Gaza City, particularly in Zeitoun". The Israeli military said it would begin allowing tents to be brought into Gaza by aid agencies again. "As part of the preparations to move the population from combat zones to the southern Gaza Strip for their protection, the supply of tents and shelter equipment to Gaza will resume," the Israeli military body Cogat said.

Getty Images Protesters block a road in Tel Aviv


2. [Finlight] Robinhood Markets, Inc. (HOOD): “The Numbers Are Extraordinary,” Says Jim Cramer

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks Jim Cramer Discussed. Robinhood Markets, Inc. (NASDAQ:HOOD) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

Digital exchange Robinhood Markets, Inc. (NASDAQ:HOOD) is one of Cramer’s favorite stocks. He believes that the firm enjoys a significant advantage over traditional brokers and has a strong platform that has facilitated the transfer of wealth between the older and younger generations. Robinhood Markets, Inc. (NASDAQ:HOOD)’s shares have gained 189% year-to-date as investors continue to be enthused about its competitive advantage and market share. Here are Cramer’s latest comments about the firm:

“And you know that from Robinhood, the numbers are extraordinary. A lot of the brokers I think are sitting back, they don’t want to admit it on air and say, oh my god, Robinhood is crushing us. “Uh, I do think that, Vlad Tenev has got the brokers of the future. And I think that the other guys have to catch up.”

Robinhood Markets, Inc. (HOOD): "The Numbers Are Extraordinary," Says Jim Cramer

Cryptocurrency Ethereum – Mobile device neo-broker smart stock trading app

Previously, the CNBC TV host discussed Robinhood Markets, Inc. (NASDAQ:HOOD)’s platform:

“Do I have to describe Robinhood to you? It’s an app. No, it’s a bank. No, it’s a repository of wealth of the millennials, whatever you want to call it. Robinhood has 25 million accounts, and it offers ETFs, options, gold, and crypto. It came out of nowhere. This company was worth $11 billion two years ago. Now it’s $88 billion. Again, incredibly profitable. Out of nowhere, it seems to have captured young people who would otherwise not bother to invest. You know what I say? Hallelujah.”

While we acknowledge the potential of HOOD as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk. If you are looking for an extremely cheap AI stock that is also a major beneficiary of Trump tariffs and onshoring, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now.


3. [Finlight] Tapestry, Inc. (TPR) Was “Kind Of, Quizzical,” Says Jim Cramer

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks On Jim Cramer’s Radar. Tapestry, Inc. (NYSE:TPR) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

Apparel company Tapestry, Inc. (NYSE:TPR)’s shares have gained 53% year-to-date despite a rather massive 15.7% drop in August. The shares fell after the firm’s fiscal fourth quarter earnings report. The results saw Tapestry, Inc. (NYSE:TPR) guide full-year fiscal 2026 earnings to $5.30 to $5.45 per share, which fell short of analyst estimates of $5.49. At the heart of the lower guide was the firm’s warning that it expected tariffs to hit its income statement. Cramer was surprised by Tapestry, Inc. (NYSE:TPR)’s earnings report:

“[On shares being down due to impact from tariffs] Now there’s one where if you want to have a consumer price index problem, I didn’t that there’s was going to be as bad as it is. And that’s Coach. And you know, wow, I mean they didn’t signal that beforehand. It was kind of, quizzical.”

Previously, the CNBC TV show host discussed Tapestry, Inc. (NYSE:TPR) in significant detail:

“Late last year, the Biden administration’s Federal Trade Commission blocked yet another merger, Tapestry’s $8.5 billion acquisition of Capri Holdings… Despite all the tariff uncertainty, Tapestry was able to raise its sales and earnings guidance. What’s driving the strength? Now, a lot of it’s because the Coach brand keeps getting better and better… Now, why is Coach winning? I think this is another example of what we have seen in the consumer discretionary space for a while now. Consumers want value, not necessarily absolute value, but relative value. They want high-quality goods at reasonable prices…

Tapestry, Inc. (TPR) Was "Kind Of, Quizzical," Says Jim Cramer

Copyright: dolgachov / 123RF Stock Photo


4. [Finlight] Ulta Beauty, Inc. (ULTA): I Thought The Target Partnership Ending Was Very Significant

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks On Jim Cramer’s Radar. Ulta Beauty, Inc. (NASDAQ:ULTA) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

Ulta Beauty, Inc. (NASDAQ:ULTA) is a specialty beauty retailer whose shares have gained 21% year-to-date despite the headwinds faced by the broader cosmetics sector. Ulta Beauty, Inc. (NASDAQ:ULTA)’s shares jumped by 15% in May after the firm’s first-quarter revenue and earnings beat analyst estimates. More importantly, the firm’s comparable same-store growth of 2.9% was significantly higher than analyst estimates of 0.37%. However, Ulta Beauty, Inc. (NASDAQ:ULTA)’s shares dipped by 1% in August after it announced that it was concluding its partnership with Target. Here is what Cramer said about the announcement:

“[On Ulta and Target concluding their partnership next year] I thought that was very significant because that had been something over and over again, Brian Cornell, CEO of Target, had been telling as a great relationship. I think that Ulta has been, if you look at the chart, incredibly strong stock.

Ulta Beauty, Inc. (ULTA): I Thought The Target Partnership Ending Was Very Significant

Copyright: bbtreesubmission / 123RF Stock Photo

“Ulta Beauty had been the primary way that Elf sold into Target. That’s been their number one way. So you maybe want to look at Elf. And say maybe Elf is going to be hurt a little bit. But then start covering because of Rhode, Hailey Bieber’s.”

While we acknowledge the potential of ULTA as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk. If you are looking for an extremely cheap AI stock that is also a major beneficiary of Trump tariffs and onshoring, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now.


5. [Finlight] Target Corporation (TGT): I Thought The Ulta Beauty Partnership Ending Was Very Significant

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks On Jim Cramer’s Radar. Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) is one of the largest retailers in America, whose shares have lost 24% year-to-date. Cramer isn’t a fan of the stock as he has asserted several times in his previous remarks that the firm needs to reduce prices to increase foot traffic in its stores. However, the CNBC TV host prefers Costco and TJX instead, despite believing that Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) has a good balance sheet. This time, he commented on the end of the firm’s partnership with Ulta Beauty:

“I thought that was very significant because that had been something over and over again, Brian Cornell, CEO of Target, had been telling as a great relationship. I think that Ulta has been, if you look at the chart, incredibly strong stock.

Target Corporation (TGT): I Thought The Ulta Beauty Partnership Ending Was Very Significant

Photo by Franki Chamaki on Unsplash

Here are Cramer’s previous thoughts about Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT):

“It’s easy to spot housing wins extended to beaten-down stocks like the Target or Kohl’s. I’m not a fan of Kohl’s, but I am a fan of Target. And the new buyers, the people who aren’t trapped by Fed dogma, know that there’s fundamental worth to Target, and it’s probably higher than here. You don’t need to worry about what that… worth truly is yet because we’re nowhere near when Target reports.”

While we acknowledge the potential of TGT as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk. If you are looking for an extremely cheap AI stock that is also a major beneficiary of Trump tariffs and onshoring, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now.


6. [Finlight] CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. (CRWD)’s CEO Is “Incredibly Competitive,” Says Jim Cramer

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks On Jim Cramer’s Radar. CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWD) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWD) is a cybersecurity company whose shares have gained 23% year-to-date. However, the shares have trimmed back some of their gains in August after the earnings report of peer firm Fortinet. In its earnings, Fortinet revealed that it might have accounted for half of its firewall refresh cycle, a fact that worried analysts about the slowing growth in the cybersecurity industry. However, Cramer continues to be a believer in CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWD):

“I was busy working on, jeez what I was doing, I was working on George Kurtz versus Chuck Robbins.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. (CRWD)'s CEO Is "Incredibly Competitive," Says Jim Cramer

Copyright: andreykuzmin / 123RF Stock Photo

Here are Cramer’s previous thoughts about CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWD):

“Oh Crowdstrike is what, the second most high valuation company after, Palantir. But I don’t care. I think it’s terrific.”

While we acknowledge the potential of CRWD as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk. If you are looking for an extremely cheap AI stock that is also a major beneficiary of Trump tariffs and onshoring, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now.


7. [Finlight] Jim Cramer Warns About “A Lot Of Selling” In CoreWeave, Inc. (CRWV)

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks On Jim Cramer’s Radar. CoreWeave, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWV) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

CoreWeave, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWV), the AI computing infrastructure provider, saw its shares fall by a whopping 33% in August after the firm’s second quarter earnings report saw it post a 27-cent loss, which was higher than the 21-cents analysts were expecting. The massive dip, which came just as CoreWeave, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWV)’s lockup period expired, indicated just how jittery Wall Street is about AI, as the firm had beaten analyst revenue and revenue guidance estimates. Cramer commented on an “undercurrent” driving CoreWeave, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWV)’s shares:

“And by the way we have not mentioned the undercurrent of what’s really happening on here today, which is the CoreWeave lockup. The expiration of CoreWeave, CoreWeave has absolutely been crushed. And that comes after today. Michael Entrator talking about competitive. But be aware that there’s an undercurrent there and a lot of people were in that stock and they’ve been pulling away. . . I believe that there’s going to be a lot of selling there.”

Previously, Cramer called CoreWeave, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWV) one of the biggest winners out there:

“How about big winners? Take CoreWeave, one of the biggest winners this year, gigantically from its $40 price in March. Ben Stoto and I told you to buy this one. It had the misfortune of reporting on the eve of Mr. Bullish’s deal. The numbers were nicely better than expected, befitting the boom in data centers. Unfortunately, the stock plummeted more than 20% today. Why? Because the lockup on insider selling expires tomorrow night. Although there are a bunch of short stories out there, trying to say it was a problem with demand. That’s wrong. Demand is on fire. Totally wrong narrative.

Jim Cramer Warns About "A Lot Of Selling" In CoreWeave, Inc. (CRWV)

Copyright: ralwel / 123RF Stock Photo

What does matter, though, is a ton of stock coming at you. Remember when I said that the underwriters are only bringing small slivers of stock to the market? Tomorrow, a huge chunk of supply loses the restraints and can start selling, and I think that CoreWeave will go lower. And if you want to buy it, buy it after that.”

While we acknowledge the potential of CRWV as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk. If you are looking for an extremely cheap AI stock that is also a major beneficiary of Trump tariffs and onshoring, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.


8. [Finlight] CVS Health Corporation (CVS) Is “The Last Man Standing,” Says Jim Cramer

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks On Jim Cramer’s Radar. CVS Health Corporation (NYSE:CVS) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

CVS Health Corporation (NYSE:CVS) is a pharmaceutical retailer whose shares are among the top performers in the industry. They have gained 55% year-to-date and are up by 16.8% since late July. CVS Health Corporation (NYSE:CVS) has performed well on the stock market as its rivals continue to struggle. In his previous remarks about the firm, Cramer has commented on the competitive dynamics and speculated that the stock could go even higher. Here are his latest comments about CVS Health Corporation (NYSE:CVS):

“[On a Baird upgrade] I think that they are the last man standing, with Rite Aid pulling back and Walgreen, they’re shutting a huge amount of Walgreen since they were sold. I think that by the way, David Joiner, non-promotional. Did a remarkable job in terms of health insurance. They are the one to bet on if you want to be in that area. I don’t want to be in that area after reading Semblest let’s just put a gun to my head with five bullets I don’t want to go there, just bad ratio.”

Previously, Cramer discussed CVS Health Corporation (NYSE:CVS)’s stock price:

“Right, and remember, Walgreens shrinkings, Rite-Aid gone away, 185 million people now go to these, including 60 million people who use two or more of their offerings. David, I’ve got to tell you, they are, if you remember, the one that was the worst, they’re now the first. David Joiner, congratulations, you know how to price your business. And, they’re getting out of the individual exchange plans in 2026. Goodbye Medicaid?

CVS Health Corporation (CVS) Is "The Last Man Standing," Says Jim Cramer

“Guidance goes, six, six twenty, from five seventy five, six dollars, there’s a stock that going to . . .one hundred dollars!”

While we acknowledge the potential of CVS as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk. If you are looking for an extremely cheap AI stock that is also a major beneficiary of Trump tariffs and onshoring, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now.


9. [Finlight] UBS Resumes Coverage on Elastic (ESTC) With Buy Rating, $95 Price Target

Elastic N.V. (NYSE:ESTC) is one of the AI Stocks Investors Are Watching Right Now. On August 13, UBS analyst Radi Sultan resumes coverage on the stock with a Buy rating and a price target of $95.00 (from $148.00).

The coverage resumption follows conversations with more than fifteen industry checks which have revealed stable to slightly improved demand environment for Elastic’s services. The firm particularly likes the “the near-term numbers setup + medium-term upside optionality from GenAI”.

"With the stock pricing in ~12% growth in FY26/27E, we are modeling 13% (in FY26/27E) but think risk is skewed to the upside as we believe Elastic could do 15-16% growth in an upside case. We're also ~4%/6% ahead of the Street for FCF in FY26/27E.”

UBS Resumes Coverage on Elastic (ESTC) With Buy Rating, $95 Price Target

A financial analyst looking at a computer monitor filled with stock market data, expressing confidence in the company’s investments.

UBS also believes that the AI narrative will eventually shift in Elastic’s favor. However, the real GenAI opportunity is one or two years away.

“While we did hear positive datapoints on the AI Search lift and we see room for the AI narrative to shift in Elastic's favor, the real GenAI opportunity still sounds 1-2 years away. The key risk we picked up was competition, but at ~4x CY26E Revs we think this is mostly priced in."

Elastic N.V. is a search AI company offering cloud-based solutions.

While we acknowledge the potential of ESTC as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 10 Must-Watch AI Stocks on Wall Street and 10 AI Stocks Making Headlines This Week.

Disclosure: None.


10. [Finlight] Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (WBA)’s Shutting Down A Lot Of Stores, Says Jim Cramer

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks On Jim Cramer’s Radar. Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (NASDAQ:WBA) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (NASDAQ:WBA) is a pharmaceutical retailer whose shares are up this year primarily due to its acquisition by Sycamore Partners for a $10 billion price tag. The deal came after months of business struggles, which forced the firm to reduce its operating footprint. Cramer’s previous comments about Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (NASDAQ:WBA) have discussed the specifics of the deal. Here are his latest thoughts:

“[On a Baird upgrade] I think that they are the last man standing, with Rite Aid pulling back and Walgreen, they’re shutting a huge amount of Walgreen since they were sold. I think that by the way, David Joiner, non-promotional. Did a remarkable job in terms of health insurance. They are the one to bet on if you want to be in that area. I don’t want to be in that area after reading Semblest let’s just put a gun to my head with five bullets I don’t want to go there, just bad ratio.”

Here are Cramer’s previous thoughts about Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (NASDAQ:WBA):

“Positive news here in the M&A front. Walgreens. Sycamore’s buying them. They reported a very good quarter last night. First upside surprise that I can recall. Remember Sycamore’s getting the actual drug stores. But I think this is actually very hopeful for Sweeney and his team. I also think David that perhaps, they get to sell some of these healthcare clinic businesses and you’re gonna find that this is, it’s going to work. I can’t believe it.

Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (WBA)'s Shutting Down A Lot Of Stores, Says Jim Cramer

Photo by Christiann Koepke on Unsplash

“I know, that’s why I thought, if this quarter had been really bad I would have said oh boy, they bought more than they could chew. It did not happen. I also think that I am worried about Amazon, and I’ve said it to them over and over again, Amazon is your drugstore. But it’s good to see.”

While we acknowledge the potential of WBA as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk. If you are looking for an extremely cheap AI stock that is also a major beneficiary of Trump tariffs and onshoring, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now.


💻 TECHNOLOGY HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

1. Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems - SiliconANGLE

Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems

Two of the largest enterprise infrastructure vendors announced product line expansions designed to give customers more options for deploying artificial intelligence workloads at scale. New offerings from Dell Technologies Inc. and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. include systems and software updates that incorporate Nvidia Corp.'s latest graphics processing unit technology and AI software, alongside tools from other partners, to help organizations move from AI experimentation to production.

Dell said it's updating its AI Data Platform with new components aimed at improving unstructured data ingestion, transformation, retrieval and compute performance. The platform is designed to handle the full AI workload lifecycle, from data ingestion to agentic inference to knowledge retrieval.

A new unstructured data engine developed in collaboration with Elasticsearch BV provides real-time, secure access to large-scale unstructured datasets, supporting advanced vector search, semantic retrieval and hybrid keyword search. The engine integrates GPU acceleration and Nvidia NeMo Retriever microservices for use in retrieval-augmented generation applications.

The Dell AI Data Platform also integrates a federated SQL engine from Starburst Data Inc. for querying multiple data sources without moving the data, and an Apache Spark-based data processing engine for batch and real-time analytics. They sit alongside Dell's PowerScale and ObjectScale storage systems, which support structured, semi-structured and unstructured data.

On the hardware side, Dell introduced PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers equipped with Nvidia RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell Server Edition GPUs, which are data center-class graphics and compute processors built on Nvidia's Blackwell architecture and designed for AI inference, visual computing, engineering simulation and virtual workstation workloads. Dell said the new GPUs can deliver up to six times the token throughput for large language model inference compared to its previous generation, along with higher engineering simulation performance and support for more concurrent users.

The R7725 will be the first 2U server to integrate the Nvidia AI Data Platform reference design, a validated blueprint for building GPU-accelerated infrastructure. Dell said the pairing yields a turnkey system for fast inferencing, semantic search and large AI workloads.

HPE said it's expanding its line of AI-optimized systems with new configurations that also use Nvidia's Blackwell architecture GPUs, as well as the latest Nvidia AI models. The company said these updates are intended to support both agentic AI -- or systems that complete tasks autonomously or with little supervision tasks - and physical AI, which involves AI control of robotics and other hardware systems.

HPE is also adding new options to its Cray XD670 and XD675 servers that allow them to be configured with Nvidia GB200 NVL72 systems for large-scale AI training, or with RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell GPUs for inference and smaller-scale workloads. HPE said both are pre-integrated with Nvidia's AI Enterprise software suite, including the NeMo framework and pretrained models such as Nvidia Nemotron for agentic AI and Cosmos for physical AI applications.

The company is also updating its GreenLake for AI offering to support the new systems. GreenLake is a consumption-based model for deploying AI infrastructure, allowing organizations to scale GPU resources as needed while keeping workloads on-premises or in colocation facilities. HPE said its Private Cloud AI will support the latest versions of the Nemotron and Cosmos models, as well as the latest Nvidia Blueprint for Video Search and Summarization.

Both companies' announcements center on integrating Nvidia's Blackwell-generation GPUs and related AI software into systems aimed at enterprises. Dell's focus is on connecting AI models to high-quality enterprise data, especially unstructured data, while HPE is emphasizing large-scale training and deployment of both agentic and physical AI models.

The announcements are part of a broader trend by infrastructure vendors to provide turnkey AI infrastructure that combines hardware, storage, networking and AI frameworks in pre-tested configurations.

Dell said its updated AI Data Platform with the unstructured data engine will be available later this year, alongside the PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers with RTX PRO 6000 GPUs. HPE said its updated Cray XD systems and GreenLake AI configurations will also be available in the coming months.


2. China's Tech Boom Attracts Foreign Investment Surge

The rhythmic hum of robotic arms in Suzhou factories and the digital pulse of Shanghai's AI labs tell an economic success story decades in the making. China has surpassed its ambitious five-year foreign direct investment (FDI) target of $700 billion ahead of schedule, with utilized FDI hitting $708.73 billion by mid-2024 -- a powerful rebuttal to narratives of foreign capital flight. This milestone, achieved amid global protectionist headwinds, underscores China's transformation into a high-tech investment magnet where innovation outpaces politics.

Despite geopolitical turbulence and supply chain realignments, China's patient cultivation of foreign enterprise is yielding historic dividends. Ministry of Commerce data reveals foreign firms now drive one-third of China's foreign trade, contribute 25% of industrial value-added output, and account for 1 in 7 tax dollars. Critically, they've generated over 30 million jobs since 2019 -- equivalent to the population of Malaysia. The 14th Five-Year Plan's $700 billion FDI target, once viewed as ambitious, was eclipsed six months early. In H1 2024 alone, 30,014 new foreign-invested firms registered across China -- an 11.7% YoY surge. While overall utilized FDI dipped 15.2% to $58.9 billion due to 2023's record-high baseline, the structural shift toward high-value sectors signals enduring confidence. As Franz Decker, BMW Brilliance Automotive CEO, asserted during the opening of their Nanjing R&D hub: "China demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation."

China's innovation pivot is rewriting FDI playbooks. Foreign capital flowing into high-tech industries leaped from 28.3% of total FDI in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023 -- a trajectory accelerating in 2024. E-commerce services saw explosive 130% YoY FDI growth in H1, while AI, biotech, and advanced manufacturing drew multinationals seeking China's "new quality productive forces." The Third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in June became a showcase for this transformation, featuring BMW's new Nanjing facility -- its largest Asian IT R&D center -- designed to leverage China's "rapidly evolving tech landscape." Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang, attending CISCE, observed: "China's supply chain is a miracle -- the world's largest and most complex, built on deep technology, AI and software. Technology adoption here is so fast, it sets global trends." This tech-led FDI boom reflects China's 9% average FDI return rate -- among the world's highest -- and validates Beijing's 2024 Action Plan stabilizing foreign investment through streamlined approvals and market access.

The H1 2024 FDI dip requires contextual understanding. OECD data shows global FDI fell 7% in 2023, with developing Asia experiencing steeper declines. China's contraction aligns with this trend while masking sectoral dynamism. Crucially, reinvested earnings by existing foreign enterprises -- a key FDI metric -- remain robust as firms like BASF and Tesla expand Chinese facilities. The State Council's 24-point guidelines for foreign investors, emphasizing intellectual property protection and equal procurement access, further anchor confidence. As the Ministry of Commerce emphasized in its June policy briefing: "Quality supersedes quantity -- we welcome capital aligned with high-end manufacturing and digital transformation."

China's $708 billion FDI milestone proves its economic resilience isn't cyclical but structural -- built on world-class infrastructure, deep talent pools, and unwavering commitment to innovation-led growth. For global investors, the calculus remains clear: overlooking China's high-tech transformation means missing the defining economic opportunity of our decade. Explore partnership opportunities through China's International Investment Promotion Agency to position your enterprise at the convergence of technology and growth.

China's 14th Five-Year Plan targeted $700 billion in cumulative foreign direct investment between 2021-2025. Ministry of Commerce data confirms this goal was surpassed six months early, reaching $708.73 billion by June 2024.

High-tech industries now dominate China FDI flows, rising from 28.3% of total investment in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023. E-commerce, AI, and advanced manufacturing led growth, with e-commerce FDI surging nearly 130% YoY in H1 2024.

BMW CEO Franz Decker cited China's "remarkable vitality in digital innovation ecosystems" when launching their Nanjing R&D center. Proximity to tech talent, rapid commercialization, and supportive industrial policies make China indispensable for global innovation.

Officials attribute H1 2024's 15.2% FDI dip to 2023's unusually high baseline and global trends. The 2024 "Stabilizing Foreign Investment" Action Plan counters concerns through market access easing and IP protections.

At approximately 9%, China's FDI return rate outperforms most major economies, according to World Bank investment viability analyses. This sustains appeal despite geopolitical uncertainties.

Data contradicts this narrative. Beyond record cumulative FDI, 30,014 new foreign firms registered in H1 2024 -- an 11.7% YoY increase -- with expansions by firms like Nvidia and BASF confirming long-term commitment.


3. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


4. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


5. Economic Watch: China's AI Tech Boosts Global Trade Efficiency, Facilitates Supply Chain

Beijing: To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q and A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing. "Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

According to Namibia Press Agency, during discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade. Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model. "The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes. At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms. The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images, and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for the overseas market. Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba. As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in the global trade landscape. At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent, and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world." China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi, and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce. Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


6. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

A visitor tries a pair of glasses at the booth of TCL in the Digital Technology Chain area of the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China, July 19, 2025. [Photo/Xinhua]

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30% The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95%, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

Open Source

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40% compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10% of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9% year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


7. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

This photo taken on July 17, 2025 shows robots at the booth of Nvidia during the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China. (Xinhua/Ding Hongfa)

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


8. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


9. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


10. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


🎯 MARKET SYNTHESIS
----------------------------------------
Total stories analyzed: 89
Overall news sentiment: Positive (0.16)

Data Sources:
  • Financial Modeling Prep (FMP) - Market data & calendar
  • NewsAPI.ai - World, USA, and tech news
  • Finlight - Financial market news

================================================================================
END OF BRIEFING