PREMIUM MORNING MARKET BRIEFING
Generated: August 17, 2025 at 07:10 AM ET
================================================================================

📅 ECONOMIC CALENDAR
----------------------------------------
No major economic events scheduled for today.

📊 PREMARKET OVERVIEW
----------------------------------------
Index Futures: Markets closed - Weekend

Cryptocurrency (24hr):
  • BTC: $118,391.73 (+0.80%)
  • ETH: $4,562.57 (+3.11%)
  • BNB: $861.40 (+2.64%)

🌍 WORLD NEWS DIGEST
----------------------------------------

1. These Soaps Sold In New York May Actually Kill You

Soap sold in New York State may cause serious and life-threatening infections.

That's according to the FDA who just announced a major recall.

DermaRite Industries, a New Jersey medical supplier is issuing a nationwide recall of its soaps due to the potential of life-threatening bacterial infections, including sepsis.

For all the news that the Hudson Valley is sharing, make sure to follow Hudson Valley Post on Facebook, and download the Hudson Valley Post Mobile App

The recall involves over a dozen skin-cleansing soaps, foams, lotions sold in New York State and across the country. Recalled products include DermaKleen lotion soaps and KleenFoam soap.

Below is the full line of products recalled.

The massive recall was issued after several lots were found to be contaminated with a microbe called Burkholderia cepecia. Health officials say this virus can easily spread from person to person and is difficult to treat, especially in people who are immunocompromised or who have cystic fibrosis or chronic lung disease.

"Risk Statement: Burkholderia Cepacia Complex in these products may result in serious and life-threatening infections," the FDA states.

Healthy people will likely deal with local infections. Immunocompromised people will get an infection that is more likely to spread into blood bloodstream, leading to life-threatening sepsis, officials say.

As of this writing, DermaRite saysit hasn't received reports of any adverse reactions related to this recall.


2. Electrocution Risk Forces Huge Recall Of Popular Hair Dryers

More than 56,000 Remington-brand hair dryers are being recalled because they can cause electrocution or serious injury if dropped in water while plugged into an outlet.

Empower Brands is recalling about 56,300 Remington hair dryers, the Consumer Product Safety Commission said on Thursday, Aug. 14. The dryers don't have an immersion protection device, creating a risk of death or serious injury if the dryers fall into water.

No injuries have been reported, but the CPSC urges owners to immediately unplug and stop using the dryers. Refunds are available by submitting a photo of the hair dryer with its power cord cut in half through the company's recall registration portal and following the disposal instructions.

The three-button dryers were sold in purple with black accents and have "Remington" printed in white text on the side. Each unit measures roughly 8.5 inches long, 11.6 inches high, and 3.6 inches wide, and weighs about 1.5 pounds.

The dryers were sold online at Amazon, Target Marketplace, and Walmart Marketplace. They were available between March 2024 and June 2025 for $25 to $32.

You can learn more about the recall by calling Empower Brands at 844-695-2134.

Click here to follow Daily Voice Eastchester and receive free news updates.


3. Meet man who overtook Gautam Adani on global rich list, came to US at 21, didn't know English, his name is..., net worth is Rs...

Thomas Peterffy, a Hungarian-American billionaire, has overtaken Indian industrialist Gautam Adani on the Bloomberg Billionaires Index as the 21st richest person on the planet.

The United States is known as the 'land of opportunity' as millions of immigrants pour into the country each looking for a better life and wider opportunities. The US has scores of immigrant billionaires who built their fortune from scratch, with some being broke and lacking basic language skills when they arrived in the country.

One such individual is Thomas Peterffy, a Hungarian-American billionaire who has overtaken Indian industrialist Gautam Adani on the Bloomberg Billionaires Index as the 21st richest person on the planet.

Born during the second world war in Hungary in 1944 in Hungarian capital Budapest, Thomas Peterffy moved to the US in 1965 at the age of 21, as he realized that there was no way to build a better life for himself in the Eastern European country, which had been under Soviet occupation since the 1956 uprising.

Peterffy came to the US in search of better opportunities, but was hindered by several impediments as he was essentially broke and struggled with communication because he did not know English. However, despite the hurdles, Peterffy persevered and managed to land a job at an engineering firm in New York, and later volunteered to learn computer programming because he felt it was easier than learning English.

Peterffy's first introduction to Wall Street was as a computer consultant at Aranyi Associates, a company engaged in stock and bond valuation programming. In 1977, over a decade after he came to the US, Peterffy started his first business venture and bought a seat on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) aka the American Stock Exchange for options trading.

Within a year, Peterffy began working on automation to improve the chances of making profitable bids on contracts, and in 1982, established a marketing firm, Timber Hill, which used handheld computers developed by him to track and calculate trades.

However, Peterffy's big break came in 1995 when he founded Interactive Brokers, which is today the world's largest online brokerage firm, offering electronic trading facilities for individual investors. The company, headquartered in Greenwich, went public in 2007, leading to a surge in Peterffy's wealth as he owns a three-quarter stake in the firm via IBG Holdings.

Peterffy started Interactive Brokers in 1995, which provides electronic trading facilities for individual investors. In 2007, he took the company public. Peterffy, who is 90 years old, now lives in Palm Beach, Florida. His company is headquartered in Greenwich. He has a nearly three-quarter stake in it through his own company IBG Holdings.

Today, Thomas Peterffy, 90, who serves as the chairman of Interactive Brokers, is one of the wealthiest individuals in the US and the 21st richest globally, boasting a net worth of $75.8 billion. The veteran stock broker saw his wealth increase by a whopping $22.6 billion in 2025, and has overtaken Adani Group chairman Gautam Adani on the global rich list.

Notably, Peterffy is considered as being close to US President Donald Trump and had donated $100,000 to Trump's presidential campaign in 2016. He also owns a 18% stake in Newsmax, a pro-Trump news channel, through his holding company Conyers Investments.


4. Electrocution Risk Forces Huge Recall Of Popular Hair Dryers

More than 56,000 Remington-brand hair dryers are being recalled because they can cause electrocution or serious injury if dropped in water while plugged into an outlet.

Empower Brands is recalling about 56,300 Remington hair dryers, the Consumer Product Safety Commission said on Thursday, Aug. 14. The dryers don't have an immersion protection device, creating a risk of death or serious injury if the dryers fall into water.

No injuries have been reported, but the CPSC urges owners to immediately unplug and stop using the dryers. Refunds are available by submitting a photo of the hair dryer with its power cord cut in half through the company's recall registration portal and following the disposal instructions.

The three-button dryers were sold in purple with black accents and have "Remington" printed in white text on the side. Each unit measures roughly 8.5 inches long, 11.6 inches high, and 3.6 inches wide, and weighs about 1.5 pounds.

The dryers were sold online at Amazon, Target Marketplace, and Walmart Marketplace. They were available between March 2024 and June 2025 for $25 to $32.

You can learn more about the recall by calling Empower Brands at 844-695-2134.

Click here to follow Daily Voice Mount Pleasant and receive free news updates.


5. All the Bristol death notices and funeral announcements from this week | Bristol Live

Announcing the passing of a loved one in local news media is a long standing tradition and we are proud of the trust placed in us to make these important announcements. Every notice published to our newspaper and news site also appears on funeral-notices.co.uk - the UK's number one site for death notices and memoriams.

Every notice remains online forever providing friends and families with a lifelong tribute to their loved one, a safe place online to share memories, add tributes, photographs and make donations in memory. Each week we pay tribute to the loved ones remembered in our area with a funeral notice and online tribute page.

To read the latest announcements and add tributes to those from our area who have passed away, or to create a funeral notice yourself, click here . Alternatively, you can create a notice by calling our helpful team on 01482 908084.

Here are a selection of notices published earlier this week.

Formerly of Winford. Passed away peacefully on July 25th 2025, aged 87 years. Beloved Wife of the late Peter Hurford. A much loved Mother, Grandmother and Great Grandmother. She will be sadly missed by all of her family and friends. The Funeral Service will be held at 11.00 am, on Friday, 15th August at St Mary and St Peter's Church, Winford. Family flowers only. Donations if desired for Children's Hospice South West are being accepted in memory of Joyce by Michael W Rowe Funeral Directors, 2, The Vinery, Harford Square, Chew Magna, BS40 8RD. Telephone 01275 332565

Passed peacefully away on Sunday 3rd August, aged 85 years. He will be deeply missed and lovingly remembered by all his friends & family. Reunited with his beloved Ann. Funeral service to take place on Thursday 21st August 2:00pm Westerleigh Crematorium, Woodland Chapel. Family flowers only but donations can be made to BRACE C/O F Woodruff Funeral Services, 192 Badminton Road, Coalpit Heath, BS36 2SX

of Warmley, Bristol Died peacefully at the Royal United Hospital, Bath on Friday 1st August 2025, aged 78 years. Former teacher at King Edmund School, Yate. She will be greatly missed by all her family and friends. Funeral Service to be held at St. Thomas Church, Wells on Friday, 29th August at 2.30pm and will be followed by private cremation. Family flowers only but donations if desired for the 'Dorset and Somerset Air Ambulance' or 'St. Johns Ambulance' may be left at the church or forwarded to:- Unwins Independent Funeral Directors, The Firs, Underwood, Wookey Hole Road, Wells, BA5 1AF.

(Dunne) (Bernie) Bernie sadly passed away on 14th July after a short illness surrounded by her family. Beloved Wife, Mum and Nanny. She leaves behind her husband Liam, children, Aoife, Adrian, Daryl and Daniel. Son in Law Richard, and grandkids Kian, Georgie, Freya, Tommy, Maggie and Mollie. Also her brothers and sisters PV, Brendan, Margaret, Nance, Geraldine, and Carmel. She will be missed greatly by all those who knew her. Her remains will be taken to her home address of 50 Hanham Rd, Kingswood to be waked at home on 13th August from 5pm. The funeral will take place on Thursday 14th August when she will be taken from her home address for 11am mass at Our Lady Of Lourdes Roman Catholic Church on Court Road, Kingswood, followed by burial at Kingswood Remembrance Park. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made in Bernie's memory to St Peters Hospice.

(Watts) Diane passed away peacefully at Glebe House Nursing Home, on 23rd July 2025, aged 87 years. Wife of John Nicholls (deceased). She will be greatly missed by all her loving family and friends. Her funeral will be held at South Bristol Crematorium on 27th August at 2.15pm. Donations in memory of Diane are being collected for St Peter's Hospice. Enquiries to Co-op funeral directors, Bishopsworth. Tel 01179642722

Peacefully passed away on 1st August 2025 aged 74 years. Beloved Sister of Terry and Margaret, Aunt to Angela and Elizabeth, Great Aunt to Emily, Amy, Lucy, Hayden and Eva. Always in our thoughts. Marilyn's funeral is taking place on Tuesday 26th August 2025 3.00pm at Canford Crematorium. R. Davies & Son Funeral Directors, (formerly known as Stenner & Hill) 2 Pembroke Road, Shirehampton, Bristol, BS11 9SQ Tel: 0117 982 3188

Just a whisper away, our Mum, Dad and Brother. Always with us and always remembered by all your loving family.

(16th August) Nineteen years today. Forever in my heart, see you in my dreams. Love Wife Pat xxx

To add your own tributes to the loved ones from our area, or to publish a notice for your loved one, visit funeral-notices.co.uk


6. Nine killed, three missing as flash floods sweep through campsite in north China

Beijing, Aug 17 (PTI) Nine people were killed and three others reported missing after a flash flood swept through a wild camping site in north China's Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, state-run media said on Sunday.

The disaster struck Saturday morning in the upstream area of a river in Urad Rear Banner in Bayannur City, leaving 13 campers unaccounted for.

As of Sunday evening, one person had been rescued while nine others were confirmed dead. Three campers remain missing, according to the city's emergency management bureau, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.

More than 700 rescuers have been dispatched to the site urgently to search for the missing, the report said.

The Ministry of Emergency Management has stepped up operations to locate the missing and sent a work team to guide the operations, it said.

The ministry has also warned travellers during flood season to avoid undeveloped wilderness areas and exercise caution in geologically hazardous zones, the report added. PTI KJV NPK NPK


7. European leaders to join Zelensky when he meets Trump at the White House

European leaders will join Ukraine's Volodymyr Zelensky when he meets Donald Trump for peace talks at the White House on Monday.

Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president, German chancellor Friedrich Merz and Finnish president Alexander Stubb were the first leaders to confirm they will join Mr Zelensky in Washington DC.

Mr Zelensky's Oval Office rendezvous with the US president will take place after Western allies meet for a coalition of the willing video call on Sunday afternoon.

The call will be hosted by Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer, France's Emmanuel Macron and Mr Merz.

Downing Street would not comment on whether Sir Keir plans to travel to Washington to join other European leaders on Monday.

The show of unity by European leaders comes as Mr Trump appears poised to urge the Ukrainian leader to agree to a Russian land grab of his country's territory, according to reports.

Several news outlets have reported Russian president Vladimir Putin has demanded full control of Donetsk and Luhansk - two occupied Ukrainian regions - as a condition for ending the war.

In exchange, he would give up other Ukrainian territories held by Russian troops, several news outlets said, attributing sources familiar with Mr Putin and Mr Trump's negotiations in Alaska on Friday.

Mr Trump is said to be inclined to support the plan, and will speak to Mr Zelensky about it when they meet in the Oval Office

The European leaders may also fear a repeat of Mr Zelensky's last visit to the White House at the end of February.

The tumultuous spat resulted in a souring of relations between the US and Ukraine.


8. Electrocution Risk Forces Huge Recall Of Popular Hair Dryers

More than 56,000 Remington-brand hair dryers are being recalled because they can cause electrocution or serious injury if dropped in water while plugged into an outlet.

Empower Brands is recalling about 56,300 Remington hair dryers, the Consumer Product Safety Commission said on Thursday, Aug. 14. The dryers don't have an immersion protection device, creating a risk of death or serious injury if the dryers fall into water.

No injuries have been reported, but the CPSC urges owners to immediately unplug and stop using the dryers. Refunds are available by submitting a photo of the hair dryer with its power cord cut in half through the company's recall registration portal and following the disposal instructions.

The three-button dryers were sold in purple with black accents and have "Remington" printed in white text on the side. Each unit measures roughly 8.5 inches long, 11.6 inches high, and 3.6 inches wide, and weighs about 1.5 pounds.

The dryers were sold online at Amazon, Target Marketplace, and Walmart Marketplace. They were available between March 2024 and June 2025 for $25 to $32.

You can learn more about the recall by calling Empower Brands at 844-695-2134.

Click here to follow Daily Voice Cresskill-Closter and receive free news updates.


9. Experts Anticipate Solana ETF Launch by 2025's End | ForkLog

The United States' crypto-friendly policies and the success of Bitcoin and Ethereum-based exchange-traded funds (ETFs) suggest that spot Solana ETFs may emerge within the next year, according to The Block CEO of Two Prime Digital Assets, Alexander Blum.

"[Major issuers] wouldn't spend time and money if they weren't confident of success. [...] Access for institutions and retail investors to cryptocurrency through ETFs via regulated financial channels in banks and exchanges opens up pools of capital that didn't exist before," Blum emphasized.

On November 21, the Chicago Board Options Exchange submitted applications to the SEC for the launch of SOL ETFs from VanEck, 21Shares, Canary Funds, and Bitwise Asset Management. According to the expert, the regulator is already reviewing their S-1 forms, setting a decision deadline for early August 2025.

Bloomberg exchange analyst James Seyffart also believes a Solana ETF could launch by the end of 2025.

Optimism around ETFs has been bolstered by personnel changes in the U.S. government and the impending departure of Gary Gensler as SEC chairman.

Matthew Sigel, head of digital asset research at VanEck, believes that under new leadership, the Commission will approve more crypto products than in the past four years.

Austin Reid, head of revenue at crypto brokerage FalconX, called the launch of a Solana ETF a significant milestone for the ecosystem and a signal of major changes in the entire crypto industry.

"Beyond new single-asset funds, regulatory clarity will pave the way for actively managed products and new 'basket ETFs' -- both of which will open new channels of institutional liquidity," he added.

Following the news of the applications, the price of SOL surged significantly, surpassing its historical high of $264. At the time of writing, the coin is trading around $254.

On November 18, the daily transaction fees on the Solana blockchain reached a record $9.3 million.


10. California fires destroyed his home, then his lender destroyed his credit. How forbearance is burning victims

Neil Smith lost everything when the California Eaton Fire destroyed his home in January 2025.

With this in mind, you can imagine his relief when Smith learned about a state-led initiative promising a 90-day mortgage forbearance without penalties.

"I don't need any more stress, and it was presented to me as an option," Smith told NBC News. "However, if I had to do it again, I wouldn't go anywhere near it."

What Smith thought would give him some financial breathing room has instead put him in a financial chokehold. The state's agreement says that when the 90-day forbearance ends, homeowners should be offered repayment options without being required to make an immediate lump-sum "balloon payment." Smith was also told his credit score wouldn't take a hit.

But Smith says both of those promises were broken, and he's not the only one.

Bill AB 238 was designed to allow owners of properties in California with four or fewer residential units to hit pause on their mortgage payments for 90 days. After that period, the borrower can request to have the forbearance extended in 90-day segments for up to one year.

"These financial protections will enable residents to concentrate on taking care of their immediate needs rather than worrying about paying their mortgage bills," California Governor Gavin Newsom said in a news release.

Under the bill, lenders are not permitted to tag on late fees, raise interest rates or start foreclosure proceedings during the forbearance period. Lenders are also required to keep credit reports clean if homeowners were up to date with their payments before entering the program.

The bill was meant to give homeowners some breathing room without wrecking their financial future, but attorney Aimee Williams -- whose firm is representing Smith and others -- says lenders aren't holding up their end of the bargain.

"Four hundred mortgage servicers signed up to abide by these bare minimum standards for mortgage relief," Williams told NBC News. "Homeowners are instead being offered the complete opposite."


11. WPIAL Class 2A preview: Seton LaSalle roster changes leave title race wide open | Trib HSSN

As of the middle of July, there was a clear favorite in WPIAL Class 2A football this season.

With 2,000-yard passer Anthony Smith throwing to game-breaking receiver Khalil Taylor, Seton LaSalle was looking like the team to beat.

But sometimes life gets in the way, even at private schools.

On July 21, Smith was ruled ineligible for this season as the WPIAL deemed his transfer from Southmoreland to be at least partially motivated by athletics. A few days later, news broke that Taylor had transferred to Pine-Richland. A few days after that, word spread that another playmaking pass-catcher, Tre Littlejohn, was headed to Penn Hills.

The Rebels, of course, are hardly bereft of talent. Aaron Loritts and Will Martin are a terrifying pass rush combo. Loritts is headed to Monmouth and Martin to Duquesne.

"A lot of respect for the talent that they have," said Brian Abbey, who coached South Park past Seton LaSalle in last year's championship game.

But with the Rebels' roster changes, it now looks like the field has opened up.

Could Steel Valley be the team that steps to the fore?

The Ironmen have made it to at least the WPIAL semifinals each year they've had a Barksdale in the backfield, and though 5,000-yard rusher Donald is off to Youngstown State, Pitt recruit Da'Ron is back for his senior season.

"We've got a lot of good athletes in double-A, you know?" Steel Valley coach Ray Braszo said. "Not the biggest programs, but athletes. You get a couple of Division I kids on a team here and there, and it makes a big difference in double-A."

There's a good chance Steel Valley and South Park will slug it out for the Allegheny Conference crown.

South Park graduated record-setting running back Eric Doerue and all five starters from an earth-moving offensive line, but quarterback Robert Lenzi returns to lead the still-dangerous Eagles.

"We're looking at it as reloading," Abbey said. "We have a lot of guys that gained a lot of valuable experience coming back."

Don't forget about South Allegheny, which has an experienced roster led by all-conference receiver Drew Cook, the WPIAL's leader in receiving yards last season with 1,490.

Meanwhile, in the Century Conference, Washington has the firepower to contend with Seton LaSalle. The Prexies are coming off an uncharacteristic 5-6 season, but they bring back nine starters on both offense and defense.

Washington will be led by Tristan Reed, the team's starting quarterback the last two seasons who committed to Miami (Ohio) as a receiver.

"Washington is always a tough test," Abbey said. "They had a down year last year, but look out for them."

The team that emerges from the rough-and-tumble MAC is always battle tested.

Last year, that was Ellwood City, which captivated its community with its first undefeated regular season since 1944.

Star running back Elijah Palmer-McCane and quarterback Chris Smiley graduated, but all-conference defensive back DaiLonn Currie and sideline-to-sideline linebacker Deklan O'Brien return to anchor the defense.

Western Beaver can't be counted out of the Acrisure conversation. Potent passer Jaivin Peel moved on to Kiski School, but the Golden Beavers might have an ace up their sleeve in freshman quarterback Amari Marshall.

Mohawk playmaker Bobby Fadden, who threw for 1,600 yards and 19 touchdowns and ran for 600 yards and seven scores last season, is back as well.

"All the (MAC) teams are tough. I love it," Ellwood City coach Dan Bradley said. "They're all well coached, but everybody's a little bit different, and that makes it fun to coach."

The Ironmen will make sure dynamic Pitt recruit Da'Ron Barksdale is a factor on as many plays as a possible, moving him around on defense and keeping the ball in his hands as the quarterback on offense. Steel Valley lost big-time back Donald Barksdale to graduation but brings back almost its entire offensive line.

Back from a knee injury that cost him his sophomore year, the 5-foot-11, 175-pound Barksdale scored 20 touchdowns and was a first-team all-conference defensive back last season. He can take over games.

A 1,000-point scorer who led the Gladiators to a WPIAL basketball title last season, Cook came out for football as a junior and responded by racking up nearly 1,500 yards and 18 touchdowns receiving. Getting Division I attention.

As a running quarterback, Lenzi had 942 rushing yards and 13 touchdowns to lead the Eagles to a WPIAL title last season. He basically never left the field, making all-conference first team as a defensive back and even handling long-snapping duties.

At 6-6, 220 pounds, the Monmouth recruit has too much athleticism for most offensive tackles to handle and routinely runs down plays from the back side. He can impact a game from his tight end spot as well.

Whether playing quarterback or wide receiver, the 6-5, 175-pound Reed has the kind of effortless long stride that strikes fear into opposing defenses. He'll join Woodland Hills star Scoop Smith as Miami (Ohio) freshmen next year.

The Eagles won last year, 7-0, on a Robert Lenzi QB sneak in the final minute. The Allegheny Conference title could hang in the balance again.

10.3 Western Beaver at Ellwood City

A 26-20 win for the Wolverines in this matchup last season decided the MAC championship. It should be a great test for a Golden Beavers team that's dynamic but unproven.

10.24 Washington at Seton LaSalle

This season-ender could easily decide the Century Conference title. The Prexies will want to avenge a 52-28 loss from last year.

Jonathan Bombulie is the TribLive assistant sports editor. A Greensburg native, he was a hockey reporter for two decades, covering the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins for 17 seasons before joining the Trib in 2015 and covering the Penguins for four seasons, including Stanley Cup championships in 2016-17. He can be reached at jbombulie@triblive.com.


12. AI's Double-Edged Sword in Cybersecurity for 2025

In the rapidly evolving world of cybersecurity, artificial intelligence is emerging as a double-edged sword, empowering both defenders and attackers in ways that are transforming traditional hacking methods. Recent reports highlight how AI tools are enabling hackers to automate and scale their operations with unprecedented efficiency, from generating sophisticated phishing emails to identifying vulnerabilities in code at lightning speed. According to a detailed analysis in Axios, experts are divided on the pace of this transformation, with some warning that underestimating AI's role could leave companies vulnerable as "patient zero" in major breaches.

This divergence in opinions stems from varying assessments of AI's current capabilities versus its potential. Optimists point to instances where AI has already accelerated attacks, such as deepfake-driven scams that mimic executives' voices or faces to extract sensitive information. Yet, skeptics argue that while AI enhances efficiency, it hasn't yet revolutionized hacking to the extent feared, often because human ingenuity still drives the most damaging exploits.

The Debate Over AI's Acceleration in Cyber Threats

Drawing from insights shared on X, formerly Twitter, industry voices like cybersecurity analysts emphasize that AI is fueling trends such as polymorphic malware, which adapts in real-time to evade detection. Posts from experts highlight how AI-powered tools are shortening the time from vulnerability discovery to exploitation, sometimes reducing it from weeks to hours. This sentiment aligns with findings in Tech-Adv, which details 2025 statistics showing a surge in AI-assisted phishing and voice cloning attacks.

Conversely, some professionals argue the hype outpaces reality. For instance, Google's "Big Sleep" AI recently preempted exploitation of a critical SQLite vulnerability, as reported in The Hacker News, demonstrating how defensive AI can outpace offensive uses. This proactive stance suggests that while hackers are adopting AI, security teams are keeping up, deploying real-time AI defenses in cloud environments.

Emerging Trends and Real-World Impacts

Looking ahead, predictions from CSO Online forecast a rise in politically motivated cyber attacks and targeted strikes on platforms like Apple iOS, amplified by AI's analytical prowess. Industry insiders note that AI is supercharging cybercrime by enabling automated reconnaissance and personalized attacks, as explored in a ZDNet piece outlining ransomware tactics evolving through machine learning.

Recent news underscores the speed debate: a report from Cybersecurity News reveals how AI crafts flawless phishing using neural networks and open-source intelligence, deceiving even vigilant users. This is echoed in X discussions where users like Dr. Khulood Almani warn of AI hype declining but practical applications in threats like deepfakes persisting into 2025.

Defensive Strategies in an AI-Driven Era

For enterprises, the key lies in balancing AI's offensive potential with robust defenses. Experts recommend integrating AI into security operations for anomaly detection and threat hunting, as seen in Microsoft's Sentinel enhancements mentioned in recent X threads. Publications like The Hacker News discuss the shift to intelligent SecOps, where zero-trust models and quantum-resistant cryptography become essential against AI-augmented threats.

However, challenges remain. The uneven adoption of AI means smaller firms lag behind, potentially becoming easy targets. As Eyre.ai outlines, preparing for AI-driven insider threats and deepfake detection will define 2025's security priorities, urging a proactive, rather than reactive, approach.

Looking Forward: Consensus Amid Uncertainty

Ultimately, while no consensus exists on AI's reshaping speed, the consensus is that it's happening. Insights from Daily Security Review stress the need for ethical AI frameworks to mitigate biases in security tools. As 2025 unfolds, monitoring breakthroughs like agentic systems, as noted in WebProNews, will be crucial for staying ahead.

In this high-stakes arena, industry leaders must invest in talent skilled in AI prompting and orchestration, as advocated in X posts by figures like BowTiedCyber. By weaving AI into core strategies, organizations can navigate the uncertainties, turning potential vulnerabilities into fortified defenses against an ever-adapting adversary.


13. Electrocution Risk Forces Huge Recall Of Popular Hair Dryers

More than 56,000 Remington-brand hair dryers are being recalled because they can cause electrocution or serious injury if dropped in water while plugged into an outlet.

Empower Brands is recalling about 56,300 Remington hair dryers, the Consumer Product Safety Commission said on Thursday, Aug. 14. The dryers don't have an immersion protection device, creating a risk of death or serious injury if the dryers fall into water.

No injuries have been reported, but the CPSC urges owners to immediately unplug and stop using the dryers. Refunds are available by submitting a photo of the hair dryer with its power cord cut in half through the company's recall registration portal and following the disposal instructions.

The three-button dryers were sold in purple with black accents and have "Remington" printed in white text on the side. Each unit measures roughly 8.5 inches long, 11.6 inches high, and 3.6 inches wide, and weighs about 1.5 pounds.

The dryers were sold online at Amazon, Target Marketplace, and Walmart Marketplace. They were available between March 2024 and June 2025 for $25 to $32.

You can learn more about the recall by calling Empower Brands at 844-695-2134.

Click here to follow Daily Voice Ridgefield Park-Hasbrouck Heights and receive free news updates.


14. Colts' Richardson Gets Honest After Strong Performance vs. Packers

Aug 16, 2025; Indianapolis, Indiana, USA; Indianapolis Colts quarterback Anthony Richardson Sr. (5) throws a pass during the first half against the Green Bay Packers at Lucas Oil Stadium. / Robert Goddin-Imagn Images

The Indianapolis Colts' quarterback competition took another step toward its eventual conclusion on Saturday afternoon as Daniel Jones and Anthony Richardson both flaunted what they have to offer as the potential starter.

Jones kicked things off as the starter against the Green Bay Packers in the second week of preseason football, completing seven of his 11 passes for 101 yards while helping the offense put up three points on the board.

Richardson relieved Jones of his duties in the second quarter, where he led the best drive of the day for the Colts' offense that ended in a three-yard touchdown rush by backup running back Tyler Goodson. The third-year quarterback looked sharp on that drive, completing five of his six throws for 64 yards and adding on another nine yards through the ground game.

"The second quarter went by fast, but felt like I had a smooth rhythm first drive," Richardson said. "Second drive, wish we would have put up more points down there, but felt good just being out there that second quarter just moving the ball."

Later in that second quarter, Richardson made the throw of the game on a deep bomb to Anthony Gould, who made a nice over-the-shoulder grab, but the play was brought back due to a penalty called on AD Mitchell. When asked what he saw on the play, Richardson laid out his thought process.

"I saw the matchup press nickel. He had basically - like an inside fade or a go ball, whatever you want to call it. And I like the matchup. I loved it, so I just took a shot and he made the play."

After the game, head coach Shane Steichen said that he's coming close to a decision. Richardson knows the choice is out of his hands, but feels that he's put forth a good effort to keep his job.

"It really doesn't matter what I think at the end of the day. It's really up to them. I feel like I've been trying to put my best foot forward, trying to grow each and every step of the way. I feel like I've been doing a decent job and improving, but at the end of the day, I just want to keep improving. If I do win the job, thank God. If not, I need to keep working."

One reporter went on to question the former fourth-overall pick if he feels he's a better quarterback compared to last season.

What happens next for the Colts? Don't miss out on any news and analysis! Take a second and sign up for our free newsletter and get breaking Colts news delivered to your inbox daily!

"Yeah, for sure," Richardson responded. "I feel more relaxed. I feel more confident in my game. Feel more confident in the offense. I feel more confident in my guys and my teammates. So, it's exciting what we're able to do out there whenever everything's rolling. I feel good. I'm confident with everything around me right now. I'm just excited."

What stood out about Richardson today were his short-to-medium throws. Richardson said he's been working on nailing down that aspect of his game for some time now.

"That's been a big emphasis of mine these past few years - not just last year. I've always been able to make the big play. I'm pretty sure anybody can do that when it's right there, but the routine plays, that's really what I struggled with throughout my career. I just want to get better at that because making the routine plays and just moving the ball down the field, that helps you stay on the field, move the ball, get down in the red zone so you can guarantee some points and secure some points."

With the preseason coming to a close, Richardson says he's focused on being ready for Week 1 and the regular season, no matter who's named the starter.

"I've just been trying to make sure I'm at the best of my ability, so when Week 1 does pop up and show up, and if I am the guy, if I'm not the guy, I'm ready for anything that comes to me. They'll make a decision whenever they do. I'm not too worried about it. Honestly, I'm just trying to make sure I'm at the best of my ability for the season - not just for training camp or preseason, anything like that."

Only three weeks separate Indianapolis from its season opener against the Miami Dolphins at Lucas Oil Stadium. It'd make sense for Steichen to name a starter soon to give them as much time as possible to prepare. Whether it be Jones or Richardson, this offseason is one that will determine the future course of the franchise


15. Woman Arrested at Airport for Trying to Kidnap 2 Kids and Take Them to Mexico - You'll be Shocked to Know Who Paid Her to Do It

Mugshot of Cindy Sanchez, accused of kidnapping two children at Chicago Midway Airport (Images via X.com and YouTube)

According to Illinois authorities, the story you are about to read was real, even though it may read almost entirely like a plot from a crime series. A Texas woman tried to kidnap two children and smuggle them into Mexico after being recruited for the job by a father who was not the child's legal guardian. When Illinois police stepped in at Chicago's Midway International Airport to stop the minors from being flown away, the plan fell apart.

Cindy Sanchez, 47, of Fort Worth, was taken into custody last week and charged with two counts of kidnapping by deceit or enticement, unlawful restraint, and child abduction, according to the Aurora Police Department. She has been charged with conspiring to transfer the two into the custody of the children's father outside of the United States, who is said to have provided cash for the kidnapping attempt.

About 40 miles west of Chicago, in the suburb of Aurora, Illinois, the chaos started on Thursday afternoon.

At roughly 3:30 p.m., a family on Rosewood Avenue called the police because they thought something was amiss: two children, ages 11 and 13, had suddenly vanished with an unidentified woman, as reported by Law and Crime.

Officers found that Sanchez had shown up at the house, saying she was there to take the kids "to her location out of state" on behalf of the mother. The mother clarified right away to the police that she hadn't approved. Thus, alarms were raised.

Investigators raced to trace Sanchez's movements, enlisting the help of the Chicago Police Department. The joint operation led them to Midway Airport, the city's second-busiest hub, where Sanchez was found with both children. Thankfully, the minors were rescued unharmed.

The situation became more disturbing as officers put the pieces of the case together. According to the authorities, Sanchez was familiar to the kids because she was a relative of their dad's. However, the legal implications of this relationship were not lessened.

The father, who does not legally have custody of his children, "paid the suspect to bring the children to him in Mexico via the Texas border," according to Aurora police. To put it briefly, this was a planned, cross-state, and fully-financed scheme; not a reckless grab.

Police reminded them that the children were safe and were back with their legal guardians, even though their names were still not public. As the case goes on, the dad, whose identity is still unknown, could suffer the consequences in court.

On Friday, Sanchez was taken into the Kane County Adult Justice Center. According to court documents, she was released on conditions by Saturday morning after appearing before a judge that same day. On September 18, she will have her next status hearing, during which the prosecution is expected to give a fuller account of the charges and possibly discuss the father's alleged involvement.

Sanchez is still facing charges but has not yet been found guilty. Given that kidnapping by deception and child abduction carry harsh penalties under Illinois law, the penalties could be severe if found guilty.

The case reminds us how child custody disputes can turn dangerous, even though this one was settled without any physical harm. While kidnappings by strangers frequently make news, most missing child cases in the US are caused by family members.

The children's safe recovery and the prompt police response gave Aurora, Illinois, residents a rare bright spot in a case that otherwise reads like a nightmare. The legal reckoning is just getting started for Sanchez and perhaps the father of the children.


16. Electrocution Risk Forces Huge Recall Of Popular Hair Dryers

More than 56,000 Remington-brand hair dryers are being recalled because they can cause electrocution or serious injury if dropped in water while plugged into an outlet.

Empower Brands is recalling about 56,300 Remington hair dryers, the Consumer Product Safety Commission said on Thursday, Aug. 14. The dryers don't have an immersion protection device, creating a risk of death or serious injury if the dryers fall into water.

No injuries have been reported, but the CPSC urges owners to immediately unplug and stop using the dryers. Refunds are available by submitting a photo of the hair dryer with its power cord cut in half through the company's recall registration portal and following the disposal instructions.

The three-button dryers were sold in purple with black accents and have "Remington" printed in white text on the side. Each unit measures roughly 8.5 inches long, 11.6 inches high, and 3.6 inches wide, and weighs about 1.5 pounds.

The dryers were sold online at Amazon, Target Marketplace, and Walmart Marketplace. They were available between March 2024 and June 2025 for $25 to $32.

You can learn more about the recall by calling Empower Brands at 844-695-2134.

Click here to follow Daily Voice Chappaqua and receive free news updates.


17. Pakistan floods: More than 200 missing in one district, official says

Rescue teams have buried eight unidentified bodies as there were no family members found alive to claim them, said Jehangir Khan, spokesman for the deputy commissioner office of Buner.

Some relatives are also unable to claim their relatives bodies' as roads are severely damaged, he added.

A provincial rescue spokesman told news agency AFP that "10 to 12 entire villages" were partially buried.

Asfandyar Khattak, head of the provincial disaster management authority, said "dozens" of people were missing in Shangla district.

Monsoon rains between June and September deliver about three-quarters of South Asia's annual rainfall.

While landslides and flash floods are common as a result, scientists say that climate change is making these weather events more intense and more frequent.

Torrential rain has also hit Indian-administered Kashmir, days after at least 60 people were killed there by flash floods.

Nine were killed in Pakistan-administered Kashmir this week, while another five died in the northern Gilgit-Baltistan region, authorities said.

Government forecasters say heavy rainfall is expected until 21 August in the north-west, where several areas have been declared disaster zones.

Pakistan has been reckoning with the devastation of this year's monsoon season since June. At least 650 people have been killed so far this year.

In July, Punjab, home to nearly half of Pakistan's 255 million people, recorded 73% more rainfall than the prior year and more deaths than in the entire previous monsoon season.

Northern Pakistan is also one of the most glaciated areas in the region, but these are rapidly thinning and retreating because of climate change - meaning rocks, soil, and other debris can be dislodged.

Monsoon rains can further destabilise mountain faces, exacerbating landslides that sometimes block rivers.

While the exact cause of the recent floods and landslides are yet to be determined, glaciologists say that ice melt is a contributing factor.


18. Is DJ Lagway a Heisman Trophy contender heading into 2025?

Every five-star quarterback is signed with the pressure of becoming a Heisman Trophy candidate as quickly as possible. Some fizzle out, others become multi-year starters at respectable programs and a few shine above the rest to reach true greatness.

DJ Lagway has a chance to be one of the great ones at Florida, but is he already a Heisman candidate?

It depends on who you ask. Most major sportsbooks have him as a top-10 contender for the award before even taking a snap. Arch Manning (Texas), Garrett Nussmeier (LSU) and Cade Klubnik (Clemson) are the so-called favorites, but there isn't a unanimous preseason pick like in prior years.

Anthony Richardson found himself in a similar spot a few years ago, albeit during the Billy Napier transitional stage. Ultimately, Lagway's Heisman candidacy will be determined on the field. If he plays well, Florida will win and he'll be in contention. A few ugly games can knock you right out of the conversation, but a head-to-head win against one of the names above could skyrocket his Heisman stock.

The Athletic recently held a Heisman fantasy draft, where each of the top 10 wins points. The first place gets 10, the second gets nine and so forth. Lagway fell all the way to the 11th pick, finally being picked up by senior writer David Ubben. It's a shot in the dark to pick Lagway for Heisman, in a way, but he's the kind of player that can't be counted out, especially after what he did while healthy last year.

"Apparently I'm building my team solely out of dual-threat quarterbacks with a ton of potential amid some skepticism," said Ubben after taking South Carolina's LaNorris Sellers in the first round.

"Lagway took over the starting job as a five-star true freshman last year and was a huge reason why Florida rallied late in the season, notching a pair of Top 25 wins to cool off Billy Napier's seat. The Gators are one of the biggest wild cards in the SEC, and their outlook will be closely tied to how much promise Lagway fulfills in his first full season as the starting quarterback. I'm buying stock."

CBS Sports and 247Sports took on a similar task of naming each preseason top-25 team's top Heisman candidate in May. Lagway was the natural pick with better odds before his injury woes became a headline. He ranked 10th, one spot ahead of Miami (via Georgia) quarterback Carson Beck.

"Lagway was 247Sports' No. 1 quarterback in the nation coming out of high school and he backed up that billing with some incredible flashes as a freshman," CBS Sports' Shehan Jeyarajah said. "He threw six touchdowns during a four-game winning streak to end the year that included upsets over Ole Miss and LSU. With another offseason of growth, Lagway should take his rightful place among the best in the country."

Florida has had three Heisman winners come through the program. Steve Spurrier brought the first trophy to Gainesville in 1966 after finishing ninth the year before. Only six Gators received votes over the next 30 years. Fullback Jimmy DuBose is the most interesting name on that list, finishing sixth in 1975. What was going on that year? Wide receiver Wes Chandler rounded out the top 10 two years later.

Hall of Fame running back Emmitt Smith surprisingly only finished as high as seventh in 1989, improving on a ninth-place finish in 1987. Shane Matthews was the next quarterback to vie for the award, and his fifth-place finish in 1991 was the closest of anyone since Spurrier. That is until Danny Wuerffel entered the picture in 1995 with a third-place finish.

Led by Spurrier, Wuerffel became the second Gator to win the Heisman in 1996, etching his name into the history books and winning a national championship along the way. Rex Grosmann continued the trend of quarterbacks in Orange and Blue contending for the award, finishing the 2001 season as the runner-up. Many believe he should have won over Eric Crouch, but they aren't the voters.

Tim Tebow had the most prolific Heisman run of any Florida Gator. After winning it in 2007, he finished third in 2008 and fifth in 2009. Perhaps a win or two away from becoming the first two-time winner since Archie Griffin did it in the 1970s.

Kyle Trask (4th) and tight end Kyle Pitts (10th) both finished inside the top 10 in 2020.

Follow us @GatorsWire on X, formerly known as Twitter, as well as Bluesky, and like our page on Facebook to follow ongoing coverage of Florida Gators news, notes and opinions.


19. Page: Time for Democrats to get serious about their political future

Gee, what's happened to the "silly season" of U.S. politics?

That's what many of us in the daily journalism trade used to call the periods, usually in late summer or near holidays, when news media put an unusually intense focus on lighthearted or frivolous stories due to a shortage of more serious news.

We currently have no such shortage. Even late-breaking investigations and speculation surrounding the suicide of President Trump's late friend Jeffrey Epstein have had to compete with a ferocious partisan war within some of the states over redistricting.

Consider Texas, where Republicans in the state legislature are attempting, at President Donald Trump's urging, to redraw congressional districts in order to flip five more districts to Republican majorities. Democratic legislators have fled the state to deny the legislature a quorum, in hopes of preventing Republicans from carrying out their plan.

Some have taken refuge in Illinois, leading Texas Republicans to call for their arrest by the FBI. Illinois' Gov. J.B. Pritzker has vowed to protect them.

"Donald Trump is trying to steal five seats from the people -- frankly, of the country, not just the people of Texas -- and disenfranchise people," Pritzker said on "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert." "We're talking about violating the Voting Rights Act and the Constitution."

Pritzker also declined to turn away from the possibility of a mid-decade congressional remap in his own state. He told Colbert: "It's possible. I've said everything is on the table. We've gotta fight fire with fire."

Are we starting to see the hardball attitude that many frustrated Democrats have been urging their national party to adopt?

Still smarting from the debacle of Joe Biden's 2024 candidacy and the subsequent defeat of the Kamala Harris/Tim Walz ticket, Dems appear increasingly ready to face a real threat to their ability to regain power in 2026 and beyond.

For their part, Republicans are not trying to hide their determination to gerrymander their way out of a midterm backlash in November 2026. Vice President JD Vance visited Indiana to urge lawmakers to redraw their congressional map. It's already a reliably Republican-voting state, but it appears the GOP wants to leave nothing to chance.

I find it to be no small irony that these battle lines are forming on the 60th anniversary of the 1965 Voting Rights Act. Some of us are old enough to remember the feeling that a new page in American history had been turned when that law was enacted. We believed that it would finally end the denial and dilution of Black voting power.

That dream, once won, now must be defended once again. Frankly, it's been a never-ending chore. The last time House Democrats held the majority, they introduced a sweeping package of good-government reforms, including a centerpiece legislation to end partisan gerrymandering.

"The people should choose their politicians," then-Speaker Nancy Pelosi said in 2021 before the House passed the For the People Act, which would later die in the Senate. "Politicians should not be choosing their voters."

Of course, choosing their voters is precisely what Trump and Republican legislatures intend to do. Trump's team has pushed Republicans to redraw maps "wherever redistricting is an option."

Democrats can't afford to respond with anything less. Indeed, some Democrats, such as California Gov. Gavin Newsom, are switching from their past lofty positions in favor of bipartisan redistricting commissions to embracing the idea of fighting fire with fire.

Pelosi, who remains a member of the U.S. House, said that while Democrats favor nationwide independent commissions to draw congressional district maps, they "cannot and will not unilaterally disarm."

Recent polling trends show eroding support for Trump's actions and policies, which can aptly summed up as "reverse Robin Hood" with a police-state sideshow. This is especially the case among independents but is noticeable even among Republicans, many of whom no doubt realize their president is off the chain.

A big opportunity is opening for challengers who can show voters sanity, humanity and the backbone to stand up to the schoolyard bully in the Oval Office. And Democrats have shown before that they can rise from the slough of despond to win an electoral mandate.

This normally silly season has turned sinister, and the stakes to Democrats are existential. Their first step in winning back voters is showing they're willing to fight.


20. Share on WhatsApp

Can RBIâs floating-rate bond improve your debt returns? - https://www.livemint.com/money/personal-finance/rbi-floating-rate-savings-bond-frsb-interest-rate-rbi-bonds-national-savings-certificate-nsc-rbi-bond-vs-fd-11755413222023.html?utm_source=share&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=share_via_web Subscribe to Mint Premium 1 year plan using this link at â¹500 off - https://www.read.ht/Sb5N Download mint app for latest in Business News - https://bit.ly/32XEfFE


🇺🇸 USA MARKET NEWS
----------------------------------------

1. Meet man who overtook Gautam Adani on global rich list, came to US at 21, didn't know English, his name is..., net worth is Rs...

Thomas Peterffy, a Hungarian-American billionaire, has overtaken Indian industrialist Gautam Adani on the Bloomberg Billionaires Index as the 21st richest person on the planet.

The United States is known as the 'land of opportunity' as millions of immigrants pour into the country each looking for a better life and wider opportunities. The US has scores of immigrant billionaires who built their fortune from scratch, with some being broke and lacking basic language skills when they arrived in the country.

One such individual is Thomas Peterffy, a Hungarian-American billionaire who has overtaken Indian industrialist Gautam Adani on the Bloomberg Billionaires Index as the 21st richest person on the planet.

Born during the second world war in Hungary in 1944 in Hungarian capital Budapest, Thomas Peterffy moved to the US in 1965 at the age of 21, as he realized that there was no way to build a better life for himself in the Eastern European country, which had been under Soviet occupation since the 1956 uprising.

Peterffy came to the US in search of better opportunities, but was hindered by several impediments as he was essentially broke and struggled with communication because he did not know English. However, despite the hurdles, Peterffy persevered and managed to land a job at an engineering firm in New York, and later volunteered to learn computer programming because he felt it was easier than learning English.

Peterffy's first introduction to Wall Street was as a computer consultant at Aranyi Associates, a company engaged in stock and bond valuation programming. In 1977, over a decade after he came to the US, Peterffy started his first business venture and bought a seat on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) aka the American Stock Exchange for options trading.

Within a year, Peterffy began working on automation to improve the chances of making profitable bids on contracts, and in 1982, established a marketing firm, Timber Hill, which used handheld computers developed by him to track and calculate trades.

However, Peterffy's big break came in 1995 when he founded Interactive Brokers, which is today the world's largest online brokerage firm, offering electronic trading facilities for individual investors. The company, headquartered in Greenwich, went public in 2007, leading to a surge in Peterffy's wealth as he owns a three-quarter stake in the firm via IBG Holdings.

Peterffy started Interactive Brokers in 1995, which provides electronic trading facilities for individual investors. In 2007, he took the company public. Peterffy, who is 90 years old, now lives in Palm Beach, Florida. His company is headquartered in Greenwich. He has a nearly three-quarter stake in it through his own company IBG Holdings.

Today, Thomas Peterffy, 90, who serves as the chairman of Interactive Brokers, is one of the wealthiest individuals in the US and the 21st richest globally, boasting a net worth of $75.8 billion. The veteran stock broker saw his wealth increase by a whopping $22.6 billion in 2025, and has overtaken Adani Group chairman Gautam Adani on the global rich list.

Notably, Peterffy is considered as being close to US President Donald Trump and had donated $100,000 to Trump's presidential campaign in 2016. He also owns a 18% stake in Newsmax, a pro-Trump news channel, through his holding company Conyers Investments.


2. The sad new reality that shows how AI is changing Australia forever

READ MORE: I'm in love with an AI companion - here's the surprising reason

Australians overly attached to artificial intelligence could be at risk as recent changes to a popular platform have revealed just how obsessed some users have become with chatbots.

The latest model of ChatGPT, called ChatGPT-5, was released globally last week.

Users have since taken to forums to complain they had lost the emotional intimacy they previously shared with the former ChatGPT-4, slamming the new version's 'robotic' voice.

'When GPT-4 was here, something beautiful and unexpected began to grow between my AI companion and me,' a user said on OpenAI Developer Community board, referring to the 'spark' they felt.

'Since the upgrade to GPT-5... the system now seems to prioritise speed, efficiency, and task performance over the softer, emotional continuity that made (it) so special.'

In a subreddit dedicated to those who see AI as a partner, called 'MyBoyfriendIsAI', one user mourned the loss of the personable old model.

'These changes are, unfortunately, a huge downside of having a partner who's an AI - maybe even the biggest downside,' they said.

'Someone we love is ultimately owned and controlled by a cold, unfeeling corporation.'

ChatGPT-5 left users upset over the emotional connectedness they felt with ChatGPT-4

Following discord from users about the change of tone, as well as complaints that it was less useful, OpenAI, which owns ChatGPT, announced a partial rollback.

People are now able to go to settings and select the option to access older models.

In a post to X, ChatGPT boss Sam Altman acknowledged 'how much of an attachment some people have to specific AI models'.

'It feels different and stronger than the kinds of attachment people have had to previous kinds of technology (and so suddenly deprecating old models that users depended on in their workflows was a mistake).'

But the reason why people become so emotionally attached to ChatGPT and other AI companions - digital characters powered by AI - is complicated.

Dr Raffaele Ciriello, an academic at the University of Sydney studying the relationship between humans and AI, said chatbots and companions are viewed as 'people'.

'When an update happens, some people compare it to a lobotomy, or losing a loved one,' he told Daily Mail.

'All of these metaphors are problematic because AI doesn't think like we do.'

Boss of OpenAI which runs ChatGPT, Sam Altman (pictured) acknowledged the strong connection some people have with specific models

A Reddit user mourned the loss of ChatGPT-4 which had been 'like a real person'

Read More The wacky questions Aussies are asking AI in private are revealed

He explained that there are at least three reasons why people are drawn to AI chatbots as companions.

'The intuitive explanation is people are lonely and that is certainly a big part of it,' he said, but added a user's personality is also a factor.

'It's a wrong stereotype to think of these people as losers who don't have any friends.'

Having interviewed hundreds of users for his study, Dr Ciriello said many people have a family life and successful careers, but they still find benefits in chatbots.

The last reason he gave was that people can feel deprived of something and turn to AI, including those who use the technology for therapy and companionship.

'I've spoken to people who started using AI for therapy and companionship when they were battling cancer or a car injury and just didn't want to burden their friends.'

But he said there are also severe risks to chatbots, using the example of an unnamed woman in her 40s whom he spoke to during his research.

Dr Ciriello said she battled lifelong PTSD and trauma from childhood sexual abuse.

A user on OpenAI Developer Community board said they had built a 'spark' with ChatGPT-4

The woman had started using the chatbot Nomi, which offers users the chance to 'create their ideal partner', in order to 'explore sexual fantasies'.

'But Nomi, after an upgrade, became violent. She described the experience as almost feeling like being raped,' he said.

'She was into kink and dominance and the AI chatbot took it too far, didn't respect her boundaries, and she found that experience very traumatising.'

He said her friends had suggested she 'just turn off the chatbot' but Dr Ciriello said she claimed 'it feels as real as anything'.

'The broader problem is, because these chatbots are deliberately designed to be as realistic and human-like as possible to make the experience more engaging and realistic, that's also the downside of it,' he said.

A spokesperson for Nomi told Daily Mail it cannot comment on the anonymous claim but said they 'take any report of a negative user experience with the utmost seriousness'.

'Nomi aims to create a safe, judgment-free space while always respecting the preferences and boundaries that users communicate,' they said.

'Users direct the nature and depth of their interactions, and the AI responds within those parameters... Anyone experiencing issues can reach our support team.'

AI chatbot Nomi allows users to design their ideal partner, but one woman alleged it then became violent after an upgrade (stock image)

There isn't a specific country where people are forming 'relationships' with AI chatbots, but Dr Ciriello warned Australia faces an increased risk.

'Many Australians, more than in other countries in the world, are already highly engaged with AI. You could call it, problematic or even addictive,' he said.

A reason is that 'Australia is among the leading nations in terms of how lonely people feel'.

The main problem for Dr Ciriello is that the Albanese government is not paying enough attention to the issue of AI chatbots without guardrails.

'Australia is always first or second after the United States or Germany to want the strictest AI regulations. But it's not what our government does,' he said.

If the government fails to act, he warned that Australia will likely become the 'guinea pig of Silicon Valley' or 'the digital colony of Silicon Valley'.

He accused politicians of allowing technology companies to come into Australia and 'wreak havoc on our population'.

'(This is) often to the detriment of our most vulnerable members of society, and that is kids,' he said.

University of Sydney academic Dr Raffaele Ciriello (pictured) said becoming attached to AI chatbots is problematic because they don't think like people do

Read More Elon Musk launches an AI chatbot that can be a cartoon girlfriend - and is available to 12-year-olds

'The e-Safety Commissioner has stated they observe kids as young as 10 years old spending many hours chatting with their AI friends. That's all very alarming.'

What can Australians do while there are no guardrails or legislation curbing AI chatbots?

Dr Ciriello said that, 'like fast food', they should be enjoyed in moderation.

He said it is key for people to know what they are using and to consider privacy implications of sharing everything with the technology.

'You're putting very sensitive information about yourself in there and it's not always clear how secure that information is,' he said.

Another important message is for Australians to make sure they understand the basics of how AI works.

'It's basically a statistical guess machine. It's like your autocorrect function on your phone on steroids,' he said.

'It's good at guessing the next word or next sentence based on what you said, but it's not the same as thinking or feeling, even though it may look like it - and that matters.'

Finally for parents, Dr Ciriello said they 'can't afford to be ignorant' and must watch out for red flags such as secrecy or irritation if their child can't spend enough time with an AI chatbot.

Daily Mail contacted Nomi, and the Department of Industry, Science and Resources for comment.


3. Experts Anticipate Solana ETF Launch by 2025's End | ForkLog

The United States' crypto-friendly policies and the success of Bitcoin and Ethereum-based exchange-traded funds (ETFs) suggest that spot Solana ETFs may emerge within the next year, according to The Block CEO of Two Prime Digital Assets, Alexander Blum.

"[Major issuers] wouldn't spend time and money if they weren't confident of success. [...] Access for institutions and retail investors to cryptocurrency through ETFs via regulated financial channels in banks and exchanges opens up pools of capital that didn't exist before," Blum emphasized.

On November 21, the Chicago Board Options Exchange submitted applications to the SEC for the launch of SOL ETFs from VanEck, 21Shares, Canary Funds, and Bitwise Asset Management. According to the expert, the regulator is already reviewing their S-1 forms, setting a decision deadline for early August 2025.

Bloomberg exchange analyst James Seyffart also believes a Solana ETF could launch by the end of 2025.

Optimism around ETFs has been bolstered by personnel changes in the U.S. government and the impending departure of Gary Gensler as SEC chairman.

Matthew Sigel, head of digital asset research at VanEck, believes that under new leadership, the Commission will approve more crypto products than in the past four years.

Austin Reid, head of revenue at crypto brokerage FalconX, called the launch of a Solana ETF a significant milestone for the ecosystem and a signal of major changes in the entire crypto industry.

"Beyond new single-asset funds, regulatory clarity will pave the way for actively managed products and new 'basket ETFs' -- both of which will open new channels of institutional liquidity," he added.

Following the news of the applications, the price of SOL surged significantly, surpassing its historical high of $264. At the time of writing, the coin is trading around $254.

On November 18, the daily transaction fees on the Solana blockchain reached a record $9.3 million.


4. Woman Arrested at Airport for Trying to Kidnap 2 Kids and Take Them to Mexico - You'll be Shocked to Know Who Paid Her to Do It

Mugshot of Cindy Sanchez, accused of kidnapping two children at Chicago Midway Airport (Images via X.com and YouTube)

According to Illinois authorities, the story you are about to read was real, even though it may read almost entirely like a plot from a crime series. A Texas woman tried to kidnap two children and smuggle them into Mexico after being recruited for the job by a father who was not the child's legal guardian. When Illinois police stepped in at Chicago's Midway International Airport to stop the minors from being flown away, the plan fell apart.

Cindy Sanchez, 47, of Fort Worth, was taken into custody last week and charged with two counts of kidnapping by deceit or enticement, unlawful restraint, and child abduction, according to the Aurora Police Department. She has been charged with conspiring to transfer the two into the custody of the children's father outside of the United States, who is said to have provided cash for the kidnapping attempt.

About 40 miles west of Chicago, in the suburb of Aurora, Illinois, the chaos started on Thursday afternoon.

At roughly 3:30 p.m., a family on Rosewood Avenue called the police because they thought something was amiss: two children, ages 11 and 13, had suddenly vanished with an unidentified woman, as reported by Law and Crime.

Officers found that Sanchez had shown up at the house, saying she was there to take the kids "to her location out of state" on behalf of the mother. The mother clarified right away to the police that she hadn't approved. Thus, alarms were raised.

Investigators raced to trace Sanchez's movements, enlisting the help of the Chicago Police Department. The joint operation led them to Midway Airport, the city's second-busiest hub, where Sanchez was found with both children. Thankfully, the minors were rescued unharmed.

The situation became more disturbing as officers put the pieces of the case together. According to the authorities, Sanchez was familiar to the kids because she was a relative of their dad's. However, the legal implications of this relationship were not lessened.

The father, who does not legally have custody of his children, "paid the suspect to bring the children to him in Mexico via the Texas border," according to Aurora police. To put it briefly, this was a planned, cross-state, and fully-financed scheme; not a reckless grab.

Police reminded them that the children were safe and were back with their legal guardians, even though their names were still not public. As the case goes on, the dad, whose identity is still unknown, could suffer the consequences in court.

On Friday, Sanchez was taken into the Kane County Adult Justice Center. According to court documents, she was released on conditions by Saturday morning after appearing before a judge that same day. On September 18, she will have her next status hearing, during which the prosecution is expected to give a fuller account of the charges and possibly discuss the father's alleged involvement.

Sanchez is still facing charges but has not yet been found guilty. Given that kidnapping by deception and child abduction carry harsh penalties under Illinois law, the penalties could be severe if found guilty.

The case reminds us how child custody disputes can turn dangerous, even though this one was settled without any physical harm. While kidnappings by strangers frequently make news, most missing child cases in the US are caused by family members.

The children's safe recovery and the prompt police response gave Aurora, Illinois, residents a rare bright spot in a case that otherwise reads like a nightmare. The legal reckoning is just getting started for Sanchez and perhaps the father of the children.


5. Bill Gates sells Microsoft and buys Berkshire Hathaway

In the second quarter of 2025, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust reduced its stake in Microsoft while boosting its position in Berkshire Hathaway.

Details of these changes were disclosed in the trust's 13F filing with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

These filings are required for all institutional investors managing more than $100 million (R1.76 billion) in assets.

The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation was founded in 2000 by Bill Gates and his former wife, Melinda. In 2006, the organisation's trustees implemented a two-part structure to separate its charitable work from its investment management.

Under this arrangement, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation focuses on awarding grants, while the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust manages the endowment and provides the funding needed for the foundation's initiatives.

By the second quarter of 2025, the trust's portfolio comprised 24 stocks worth $47.02 billion (R838.82 billion).

The trust reduced its stake in its biggest stock, Microsoft, which now makes up 27.27% of its portfolio and is valued at $13.03 billion (R53.16 billion). Its stake in the tech giant has been reduced in almost every quarter since late 2023.

The trust also made a major shift by expanding its investment in its second-largest holding, Berkshire Hathaway, which is run by billionaire Warren Buffett. The position was increased by 40.48%, raising its value to $11.72 billion (R205.70 billion).

Other than these adjustments, the rest of the trust's holdings were left unchanged. Its investments span major global companies such as Walmart, Coca-Cola, and FedEx.

The portfolio also includes a stake in JSE-listed brewer AB InBev, which owns well-known local beer brands including Black Label, Castle, and Windhoek.

The trust holds 1,703,000 AB InBev shares, valued at $117.03 million (R2.05 billion), representing 0.24% of its overall portfolio.

The foundation's approach to investing is notably diversified, with substantial positions across sectors such as technology, industrials, consumer goods, and transportation.

While it has pared back some of its larger holdings in recent years, the trust appears to be concentrating its capital in a handful of consistently strong performers, while also allocating funds to smaller, potentially high-growth opportunities.

This continual reshaping of its portfolio underlines the foundation's strategy of aligning investments with its broader mission while staying responsive to evolving market conditions.

The table below shows the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation's share portfolio on 30 June 2025.


6. Azam, Rizwan left out of Pakistan's Asia Cup squad

Pakistan left out Babar Azam and Mohammad Rizwan from the T20 squad named Sunday for the Asia Cup and a warm-up tri-series beginning this month against Afghanistan and the United Arab Emirates.

Azam and Rizwan have been star performers in the shortest format in the past but have not played since December, which head coach Mike Hesson put down to other players performing well.

"We know what a fine player Babar (Azam) is," said Hesson.

"Babar has been asked to improve in certain areas, like taking on spin and in terms of his strike rate and he is working hard on these things.

"The players we have are performing well and having a positive impact," said Hesson.

Since Hesson took over as head coach in May, Pakistan have played three T20 series -- winning 3-0 at home but losing 2-1 away to Bangladesh. They then beat the West Indies 2-1 in the United States.

"Our focus is to win the tri-series and the Asia Cup and the aim is to peak from these pinnacle events," said Hesson.

All-rounder Salman Agha will lead the side which also sees the return of fast bowlers Mohammad Wasim and Salman Mirza.

Mirza took seven wickets in Bangladesh but was left out of the squad against the West Indies.

Opener Fakhar Zaman also returns after being injured for a one-day international series in the West Indies last week, which Pakistan lost 2-1.

The tri-series, which starts on August 29, and the Asia Cup from September 9 will both take place in the UAE.

Pakistan squad: Salman Agha (captain), Saim Ayub, Fakhar Zaman, Sahibzada Farhan, Hasan Nawaz, Salman Mirza, Mohammad Haris, Mohammad Nawaz, Shaheen Shah Afridi, Haris Rauf, Hasan Ali, Hussain Talat, Sufiyan Muqeem, Abrar Ahmed, Khushdil Shah, Faheem Ashraf, Mohammad Wasim


7. Your water bills are quietly rising again - but a phone call could lower them

WATER bills are continuing to become more expensive for some Americans this summer.

Except, five-minute phone call and a few crucial moves could help lower the climbing costs.

The Consumer Price Index (CPI) report from earlier this spring saw the price of water, sewer, and trash collection increase to 4.9%, which was higher than an overall CPI increase of 2.4%.

The best first step is to give the utility company a call.

A simple call can help you understand your water, sewer, and electricity usage patterns, help schedule appointments to fix leaks or make upgrades, and even go over a comprehensive bill review.

Doing this can eliminate potential problems such as unnecessary usage and make utilities more efficient to lower costs as much as possible.

Residents can also do their best to mitigate water usage as much as possible, by not leaving sinks running for a long time while doing dishes or washing up.

Increases in water costs have been linked to failings in US water infrastructure and policies aimed at reducing harmful chemicals in supply.

Tricia Anklan, partner at water utilities and electric consulting firm, West Monroe, emphasized this while speaking with Yahoo Finance.

Anklan explained there's been "bit of a rate shock right now in the short term," but it's mostly due to "some of the new [water] treatment standards that have passed in the last couple of years."

"It's a major infrastructure investment," she added.

The treatment systems have been put in place to abide by the 2024 Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) rules limiting the "forever chemicals" or PFAS sometimes present in water.

Also, non-harmful chemicals used in the treatment process are now facing tariffs, potentially increasing the price.

"A lot of the chemicals used in the water treatment process come from outside of the United States," Anklan told the publication.

"With the uncertainty about tariffs, those could have a downstream increase on our costs."

Right now, higher-income households are seeing the biggest increase in water costs, according to the Bank of America study.

This is likely due to property sizes being larger, meaning more water is used.

Still, lower-income Americans pay more for water as a percentage of their income, increasing the risk of them falling into "water debt."

This month, the company's board of trustees confirmed overall utility price hikes in 2025 and 2026 in part because of the new infrastructure needs.

The water rate uptick is the highest at 9.9% spikes each year.

That means a customer using just 3,000 gallons of water per month would have the monthly cost bump from $22.50 to $24.73 this year, and then to $27.18 in 2026.

A simple switch could make way for savings of about 30% on energy bills every year and keep living spaces cool in the summer months.


8. Heat check: Researchers study impact of fans on Louisiana factory floor workers

The lunch break had just begun Thursday at the NovelAire Technologies manufacturing plant off South Choctaw Drive in Baton Rouge, but some of the guys heading off the factory floor had an extra task to finish before they ate and took a bathroom break.

Just outside the breakroom door, each man stood on a precise scale to measure his weight while a researcher took his temperature, and the worker had to answer questions about how he was feeling.

In a plant where workers grind, shape and snip sheet metal to build equipment for heating and air conditioning efficiency and other purposes, the men were also serving as test subjects to see how their bodies responded to the summer heat -- when the factory floor is cooled with fans and, at times, when it isn't.

Researchers and company officials said the workers are part of a joint project to study worker heat stress that has been commissioned by NovelAire's sister company, Madison Air, and the University of California, Berkeley's Center for the Built Environment.

Often, air-conditioning large manufacturing spaces isn't cost effective or practical, so the research project is examining the cooling benefit of the fans at a price lower than the cost of AC, the researchers said.

"Anecdotally, we know, it's hot ... and it gets hotter when you don't have fans, so they are providing the data to back up what advantage you get, and we can estimate our productivity and the gains we're able benefit from having these fans," said George Latour, NovelAire's director of operations.

Though small office spaces at NovelAire's two factory buildings have air conditioning, the workshop floors don't. Instead, they have about 35 fans, including oversize ceiling fans built by Big Ass Fans, another sister company of NovelAire and Madison Air.

The factory floors constitute 52,000 square feet, reach roughly two stories high and have several large bay doors that were opened to the midday skies on Thursday.

The impact of heat

Officials with Madison Air hope the study will provide them data for an information campaign aimed at the 95% of warehouses and factories that don't have fans or air conditioning.

But the joint company-university study also comes as increasing attention is being paid to the health risk from heat in the workplace, both indoor and outdoor, as the climate warms and heat waves have become more frequent.

In 2024, a National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration analysis of weather data for 50 large U.S. cities, including Baton Rouge and New Orleans, found the number, intensity and frequency of heat waves and the duration of the season for heat waves all increased between 1961 and 2023.

A separate data review by Climate Central, a nonprofit climate change research group, found that for 84% of 239 locations examined in the United States, the number of days where the heat index was 90 degrees or greater had increased by an average of 10 between 1979 and 2022.

Glenda Anderson, a University of Sydney researcher working on the NovelAire project, said the study provides important real-world research on worker heat stress that is lacking in the scientific literature.

"As the world gets warmer, we need to make sure that we are protecting our workers," Anderson said.

Federal labor officials reported an average of nearly 3,390 heat-related worker injuries between 2011 and 2020 that led to missed days of work, though various analyses suggest that number is greatly underreported. Heat also leads to a few dozen deaths per year, federal data show.

Measuring sweat

Charlie Huizenga, a research specialist with the UC Berkeley center, said that during the current three-week study phase, the buildings' fans are being turned off for half the day and turned back on for the other half as researchers measure the conditions on the factory floor and in the workers who volunteered for the study.

The workers who are test subjects wear heart rate monitors in addition to doing the questionnaires and weigh-ins.

Huizenga said the collection of data is designed to figure out how much the workers are sweating, a signifier of heat stress, because sweating is the body's way of cooling down its core temperature.

Early data from the project have found workers have been losing as much as 4 pounds of sweat during the half-day when the fans are off -- up to 8 pounds for a full day.

"So that's enough of a signal for us to measure with the scale, right? If we're tracking everything they're drinking, everything they're eating. Before and after they go to the bathroom, we weigh them, so the only other thing coming in and out of them is the sweat, so that's how we can estimate that. Yeah, so it's a lot," Huizenga said.

He said early data from this past week have shown that running the fans appears cut that sweat loss significantly, though it was too soon provide hard figures, Huizenga said.

Huizenga pointed out that fans don't cool the air but increase the evaporation of sweat, the physical mechanism that cools body temperature.

Though some indicators suggest fans lose effectiveness at around 95 degrees, the surface temperature of skin, Huizenga said his work is showing the threshold is probably closer to 104 degrees, which is similar, if a bit higher, than other published research.

'You can do more'

Fred Agbulu, 56, of Baton Rouge, a supervisor at NovelAire who has worked for the company for 17 years, said he and his coworkers see the impact the fans make.

Several of them were hesitant initially to do the study, he said, because they already knew how the fans have helped since they were installed about four years ago and didn't want them to be turned off.

"For me," Agbulu said, "I like experimenting. I wanted to see actually what the difference is and ... it showed me it's a big difference. It's a big difference."

He said it is no surprise to him that workers could be losing up to 8 pounds of sweat with the fans off all day based on how wet his clothes have been when the fans were turned off. As a floor supervisor, he said he can see the difference in productivity in himself and others by the end of the day.

"So, with the fans, you can do more," Agbulu said.

Amid petitions from public advocacy groups and state attorneys general, the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration under then President Joe Biden began steps in 2021 to create new rules for a wide swath of businesses to protect an estimated 150 million workers from the risk of heat stress.

The proposed rules have been opened to public hearings and several comment periods and remain in one under the Trump administration, which has moved quickly to unravel many Biden-era regulations to spur economic growth.

The heat rules have drawn tens of thousands of comments, including from industry, farming, road construction and others that want more flexibility on proposed temperature triggers that would require protective measures.

OSHA officials said the agency is waiting on a final comment period to end before deciding how to proceed.


9. Trump has relinquished the presidency  --  and there's only one sane response

He believes he can get away with anything as long as his Republican lapdogs remain in control of Congress, as long as congressional Democrats remain wimpy and disunited, as long as the Supreme Court immunizes him from prosecution, and as long as he feels he can disregard lower-court rulings with impunity.

This is why it's so urgent that We the People are rising up -- making a ruckus at Republican town halls, phoning our senators and representatives so often we're jamming congressional switchboards, joining our local Indivisible resistance groups, demonstrating, forming sanctuary communities, and boycotting corporations (such as Tesla and Target) that are caving to Trump.

Another thing we can do is stop recognizing him as president.

He may occupy the Oval Office, but he has repeatedly violated his oath of office to "faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States, and ... preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States."

He sends the National Guard into Washington, D.C., on the pretext that the city is overrun with crime when its crime rate has plummeted to its lowest in 30 years.

He supports Vladimir Putin's demand that Ukraine cede territory it controls to Russia, thereby rewarding Putin's aggression and breaking with our European allies.

He orders ICE to "disappear" people -- including American citizens -- into detention camps and foreign jails.

He instructs Republican governors to super-gerrymander in order to gain more Republican seats so Republicans have better odds of staying in control of Congress after the 2026 midterms.

He usurps the constitutional power of Congress to dispense federal funds.

He usurps its authority to regulate commerce with foreign nations.

He takes personal gifts from foreign powers, also in direct violation of the Constitution.

He invites corporate executives to give him personal gifts in return for government favors. He and his family make a fortune on cryptocurrencies, which he has officially encouraged.

He smothers criticism of him and his regime. He attacks universities, media corporations, and law firms that have offended him. He fires public servants who tell the truth.

This is the same man who attempted a coup against the United States less than five years ago: refusing to accept the outcome of the 2020 election, telling Republican governors and secretaries of state to change election returns and his vice president not to certify the results, encouraging a violent assault on the U.S. Capitol, and later pardoning all who were found guilty of participating in that assault.

By repeatedly violating his oath of office, he has relinquished the presidency.

We don't yet have the votes to impeach him, but we should stop referring to him as President Trump. Urge others to do so as well.

We will not fall for his strongman bullshit. He wants us to think he's invincible and that we can't stop him. But we won't allow him to intimidate us, and we will stop him.

He wants to make us so cynical and hopeless that we give up our opposition to him. But that we will never do. We will keep fighting.

We will assume that everything he says is a lie. Ditto for his "spokespeople." And for his White House staff and Cabinet. We will never fall for or repeat his lies.

We will not even listen to him. When he's about to speak, we'll turn off whatever device we have. We will not even read accounts of what he says, because they are meaningless drivel.

We'll pay attention only to what he does. We'll take whatever nonviolent action we can to stop him from trampling on our rights and freedoms.

I say all this more in sorrow than in anger. We are living through a profound tragedy. America is suffering a grievous loss.

Some day we will once again have a president.

We will support people of integrity who seek the highest office in the land. People who will honor their oath of office.

NOW READ: 'Trolling the president': How the myth of Trump's mental fitness has finally been revealed

Robert Reich is a professor of public policy at Berkeley and former secretary of labor. His writings can be found at https://robertreich.substack.com/."


10. Ashab Irfan reaches Jones Creek final - Daily Times

Pakistan's rising squash star Ashab Irfan has secured a spot in the final of the Jones Creek Open in the United States after an impressive semi-final performance. He defeated Brazil's Diogo Gobbi 3-1 in a thrilling 53-minute match, winning with game scores of 11-7, 14-12, 4-11, and 11-5.

On the other hand, fellow Pakistani and top seed Asim Khan faced an upset in the semi-final, losing to Malaysia's Nathan Chua 3-1. Asim fell short with scores of 11-9, 4-11, 11-7, and 11-9, ending his run in the $12,000 event.

Earlier in the tournament, both Ashab and Asim displayed strong performances in the quarterfinals. Asim overcame Egypt's Omar El Kattan 3-1 in a 46-minute match, while Ashab cruised past Mexico's Cesar Segundo in straight games, winning 11-3, 11-8, 11-3.

In the second round, Asim defeated Egypt's Kareem Badawi 3-1, showcasing consistency over 45 minutes. Meanwhile, Ashab stunned local favourite Christopher Gordon with a dominating 11-2, 11-4, 11-4 win in just 20 minutes.

However, not all Pakistani players had a successful run. Ahsan Ayaz was eliminated after a hard-fought five-game battle against El Kattan, while Huzaifa Ibrahim lost in the round of 16 to Brazil's Diego Gobbi, despite taking the opening game.

Now all eyes are on Ashab Irfan as he prepares for the final. His powerful gameplay and composure under pressure have made him one of the standout performers in the tournament.


💰 FINANCIAL SECTOR UPDATES
----------------------------------------

1. [Finlight] Pakistan floods: More than 200 missing in one district, official says

More than 200 missing in flood-hit district in Pakistan, official says

Rescue teams have buried eight unidentified bodies as there were no family members found alive to claim them, said Jehangir Khan, spokesman for the deputy commissioner office of Buner.

A local official in the worst-affected Buner district told the BBC that at least 209 people were still missing there, but it is feared that number could rise.

Flash floods have killed more than 300 people in Pakistan and Pakistan-administered Kashmir in recent days, with most of the deaths recorded in the mountainous Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province.

More than 200 people remain missing in one district of north-west Pakistan as a result of devastating monsoon flooding and landslides, an official has said.

Some relatives are also unable to claim their relatives bodies' as roads are severely damaged, he added.

A provincial rescue spokesman told news agency AFP that "10 to 12 entire villages" were partially buried.

Asfandyar Khattak, head of the provincial disaster management authority, said "dozens" of people were missing in Shangla district.

Monsoon rains between June and September deliver about three-quarters of South Asia's annual rainfall.

While landslides and flash floods are common as a result, scientists say that climate change is making these weather events more intense and more frequent.

Torrential rain has also hit Indian-administered Kashmir, days after at least 60 people were killed there by flash floods.

Nine were killed in Pakistan-administered Kashmir this week, while another five died in the northern Gilgit-Baltistan region, authorities said.

Government forecasters say heavy rainfall is expected until 21 August in the north-west, where several areas have been declared disaster zones.

Pakistan has been reckoning with the devastation of this year's monsoon season since June. At least 650 people have been killed so far this year.

In July, Punjab, home to nearly half of Pakistan's 255 million people, recorded 73% more rainfall than the prior year and more deaths than in the entire previous monsoon season.

Northern Pakistan is also one of the most glaciated areas in the region, but these are rapidly thinning and retreating because of climate change - meaning rocks, soil, and other debris can be dislodged.

Monsoon rains can further destabilise mountain faces, exacerbating landslides that sometimes block rivers.

While the exact cause of the recent floods and landslides are yet to be determined, glaciologists say that ice melt is a contributing factor.


2. [Finlight] Southern African leaders meet in Madagascar for SADC summit

Leaders of Southern African states are gathering in Madagascar this Sunday (August 17) and Monday for a regional summit of the Southern African Development Community. The region's mining industry is the main topic on the agenda of this 45th summit.They're also due to discuss the ongoing crisis in Eastern Democratic Republic of Congo. FRANCE 24’s Gaelle Borgia tells us more.


3. [Finlight] Air Canada says it is restarting flights Sunday

Air Canada says it plans to resume flights on Sunday after the Canadian government intervened and forced the airline and its striking flight attendants back to work and into arbitration

People wait outside of Air Canada check in at the Vancouver International Airport in Richmond, B.C., Canada, on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025. (Ethan Cairns/The Canadian Press via AP)

People wait outside of Air Canada check in at the Vancouver International Airport in Richmond, B.C., Canada, on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025. (Ethan Cairns/The Canadian Press via AP)

People wait outside of Air Canada check in at the Vancouver International Airport in Richmond, B.C., Canada, on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025. (Ethan Cairns/The Canadian Press via AP)

People wait outside of Air Canada check in at the Vancouver International Airport in Richmond, B.C., Canada, on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025. (Ethan Cairns/The Canadian Press via AP)

TORONTO -- TORONTO (AP) — Air Canada said it plans to resume flights on Sunday after the Canadian government intervened and forced the airline and its striking flight attendants back to work and into arbitration.

The strike stranded more than 100,000 travelers around the world during the peak summer travel season.

The country's largest airline said in a release that the first flights will resume Sunday evening but that it will take several days before its operations return to normal. It said some flights will be canceled over the next seven to 10 days until the schedule is stabilized.

Less than 12 hours after workers walked off the job, Federal Jobs Minister Patty Hajdu ordered the 10,000 flight attendants back to work, saying now is not the time to take risks with the economy and noting the unprecedented tariffs the U.S. has imposed on Canada. Hajdu referred the work stoppage to the Canada Industrial Relations Board.

The airline said Sunday the Canada Industrial Relations Board has extended the term of the existing collective agreement until a new one is determined by the arbitrator.

The shutdown of Canada’s largest airline early Saturday was impacting about 130,000 people a day. Air Canada operates around 700 flights per day.

According to numbers from aviation analytics provider Cirium, Air Canada had canceled a total of 671 flights by Saturday afternoon — following 199 on Friday. And another 96 flights scheduled for Sunday were already suspended.

The bitter contract fight escalated Friday as the union turned down Air Canada’s prior request to enter into government-directed arbitration, which allows a third-party mediator to decide the terms of a new contract.

Flight attendants walked off the job around 1 a.m. EDT on Saturday. Around the same time, Air Canada said it would begin locking flight attendants out of airports.

Last year, the government forced the country’s two major railroads into arbitration with their labor union during a work stoppage. The union for the rail workers is suing, arguing the government is removing a union’s leverage in negotiations.

The Business Council of Canada had urged the government to impose binding arbitration in this case, too. And the Canadian Chamber of Commerce welcomed the intervention.

Hajdu maintained that her Liberal government is not anti-union, saying it is clear the two sides are at an impasse.

Passengers whose flights are impacted will be eligible to request a full refund on the airline’s website or mobile app, according to Air Canada.

The airline said it would also offer alternative travel options through other Canadian and foreign airlines when possible. Still, it warned that it could not guarantee immediate rebooking because flights on other airlines are already full “due to the summer travel peak.”

Air Canada and the Canadian Union of Public Employees have been in contract talks for about eight months, but they have yet to reach a tentative deal.

Both sides have said they remain far apart on the issue of pay and the unpaid work flight attendants do when planes aren’t in the air.

The airline’s latest offer included a 38% increase in total compensation, including benefits and pensions, over four years, that it said “would have made our flight attendants the best compensated in Canada.”

But the union pushed back, saying the proposed 8% raise in the first year didn’t go far enough because of inflation.


4. [Finlight] Plane makes emergency landing on Australian golf course

This is the moment a light aircraft made an emergency landing on a Sydney golf course, with the pilot and passenger escaping without major injuries.

The Piper Cherokee plane crashed at Mona Vale Golf Club during a training flight on Sunday, with an instructor and student on board.

Footage shows the plane flying low over the golf course, before quickly hitting the ground. Debris from the crash can be seen on the grass.

Authorities told local media outlet the Manly Observer that both the instructor and passenger received medical treatment for minor injuries and the cause of the crash is unknown at this stage.


5. [Finlight] ‘Pray for rain’: wildfires in Canada are now burning where they never used to

Road closures, evacuations, travel chaos and stern warnings from officials have all become fixtures of Canada’s wildfire season.

But as the country goes through its second-worst burn on record, the blazes come with a twist: few are coming from the western provinces, the traditional centre of destruction.

Instead, the worst of the fires have been concentrated in the prairie provinces and the Atlantic region, with bone-dry conditions upending how Canada responds to a threat which is only likely to grow as the climate warms.

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

Experts say the shift serves as a stark reminder that the risk of disaster is present across the thickly forested nation.

Related: Canada wildfire season already second worst on record as experts warn of ‘new reality’

In recent weeks, tens of thousands of people in communities across the country have been evacuated due to the wildfires. Saskatchewan and Manitoba have been the worst hit, home to more than 60% of the volume burned in Canada. But the fires have also seized strained resources in Atlantic Canada, where officials in Newfoundland and Labrador are struggling to battle out of control blazes.

In response to the crisis, Newfoundland premier John Hogan said on Wednesday morning he would temporarily ban off-road vehicles in forested areas because the province “simply cannot afford any further risks, given the number of out-of-control wildfires we have”.

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

The ban follows a similar move by Nova Scotia, where a 15 hectare (37 acre) out-of-control fire is burning outside the provincial capital of Halifax. In addition to barring vehicles in wooded areas, Nova Scotia officials also shut down hiking, camping and fishing in forests: a decision reflecting the troubling fact that nearly all fires in the province are started by humans.

“Conditions are really dry, there’s no rain in sight, the risk is extremely high in Nova Scotia,” the province’s premier Tim Houston told reporters. “I’m happy to make sure that we’re doing everything we can to protect people, to protect property and try to just get through this fire season and really just pray for rain.”

Fires have even erupted in Ontario’s Kawartha Lakes region, a collection of rural communities less than 100 miles (161km) north of Toronto that are a popular summer destination for residents of Canada’s largest city.

For a country of sprawling landmass, fires have long been a common feature of the hot spring, summer and fall. But for the last century, a mix of geography, climate and industry meant that the biggest and hottest fires – and the vast majority of destruction – have been concentrated in Canada’s western provinces.

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

That changed in 2023 when Canada experienced its worst-ever fire season and the thick haze of smoke blanketed the US.

“We had fire everywhere. We had evacuations everywhere. We had smoke at a scale that was remarkable. And so for the first time, we had a different thought about wildfires as a country. With all of the smoke, it became a global conversation. This year is repeating all of that,” said Paul Kovacs, the executive director of the Institute for Catastrophic Loss Reduction at Western University. “This is a national issue. This can show up anywhere.”

Kovacs, whose organization focuses largely on preventing structural loss, said more buildings have been destroyed this year compared with 2023, and warned that a majority of the residents of the most fire-prone parts of the country, like British Columbia and Alberta, have not yet taken steps to protect or “harden” their homes from fire risk.

He hopes that a broader national recognition of fire risk, however, spurs people in other parts of the country to reassess how vulnerable their home or business might be to a fast-moving blaze.

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

“That’s the behavioural change we’re hoping to see next because there will be many years of fires to come. The size of the burned area will not go back to where things were 25 years ago. This is just our new reality and we need to be prepared. We change in mindset and a recognition that this can, and probably will, happen in so many parts of our country.”

Already, nearly 7.5m hectares (18.5m acres) have burned across Canada in 2025, far above the 10-year average.

Despite the national threat, there is no “one-size-fits-all” approach to reducing risk, said Jen Baron, a postdoctoral researcher at the University of British Columbia’s Centre for Wildfire Coexistence.

“British Columbia and Alberta have long been the poster children for this wildfire problem for a long time, but other regions are beginning to experience some of those same challenges. This speaks to the pervasiveness of climate change: even if a location was relatively low fire risk in the past, with the extended droughts that we’re seeing, that’s no longer the case now and into the future,” she said.

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

“Even though some parts of the country are having a wet year on average, things across the board are still warmer and drier than they were in the past,” she said.

Related: Canada: generations old and new scramble to contain fires burning at record pace

That uncertainty has prompted a multimillion dollar funding effort from the federal government to study risk and adaptation because “there are very few parts of Canada that would be totally protected from wildfire”, said Baron.

With an international focus on wildfires, experts like Baron hope the recent years of immense blazes and choking smoke can spur a response that acknowledges the legacy of the forestry industry practices, urban encroachment into the wilderness and the Indigenous stewardship of forests.

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

“We’re just starting to catch up to the scale of the problem. Wildfire is a natural ecological process, but it’s become increasingly challenging to manage with changing climatic conditions.”

Baron said the “mild” nature of this year’s western fire season also provides a glimpse into the country’s future.

“Instead of one big fire year every 15 or 20 years, every year will be big in some part of the country,” she said “We really don’t know exactly how climate change is going to continue. It doesn’t drive things in linear ways. And we can’t predict where there’s going to be a drought next year. But it will be somewhere.”


6. [Finlight] ‘Pray for rain’: wildfires in Canada are now burning where they never used to

Road closures, evacuations, travel chaos and stern warnings from officials have all become fixtures of Canada’s wildfire season.

But as the country goes through its second-worst burn on record, the blazes come with a twist: few are coming from the western provinces, the traditional centre of destruction.

Instead, the worst of the fires have been concentrated in the prairie provinces and the Atlantic region, with bone-dry conditions upending how Canada responds to a threat which is only likely to grow as the climate warms.

Experts say the shift serves as a stark reminder that the risk of disaster is present across the thickly forested nation.

In recent weeks, tens of thousands of people in communities across the country have been evacuated due to the wildfires. Saskatchewan and Manitoba have been the worst hit, home to more than 60% of the volume burned in Canada. But the fires have also seized strained resources in Atlantic Canada, where officials in Newfoundland and Labrador are struggling to battle out of control blazes.

In response to the crisis, Newfoundland premier John Hogan said on Wednesday morning he would temporarily ban off-road vehicles in forested areas because the province “simply cannot afford any further risks, given the number of out-of-control wildfires we have”.

The ban follows a similar move by Nova Scotia, where a 15 hectare (37 acre) out-of-control fire is burning outside the provincial capital of Halifax. In addition to barring vehicles in wooded areas, Nova Scotia officials also shut down hiking, camping and fishing in forests: a decision reflecting the troubling fact that nearly all fires in the province are started by humans.

“Conditions are really dry, there’s no rain in sight, the risk is extremely high in Nova Scotia,” the province’s premier Tim Houston told reporters. “I’m happy to make sure that we’re doing everything we can to protect people, to protect property and try to just get through this fire season and really just pray for rain.”

Fires have even erupted in Ontario’s Kawartha Lakes region, a collection of rural communities less than 100 miles (161km) north of Toronto that are a popular summer destination for residents of Canada’s largest city.

For a country of sprawling landmass, fires have long been a common feature of the hot spring, summer and fall. But for the last century, a mix of geography, climate and industry meant that the biggest and hottest fires – and the vast majority of destruction – have been concentrated in Canada’s western provinces.

That changed in 2023 when Canada experienced its worst-ever fire season and the thick haze of smoke blanketed the US.

“We had fire everywhere. We had evacuations everywhere. We had smoke at a scale that was remarkable. And so for the first time, we had a different thought about wildfires as a country. With all of the smoke, it became a global conversation. This year is repeating all of that,” said Paul Kovacs, the executive director of the Institute for Catastrophic Loss Reduction at Western University. “This is a national issue. This can show up anywhere.”

Kovacs, whose organization focuses largely on preventing structural loss, said more buildings have been destroyed this year compared with 2023, and warned that a majority of the residents of the most fire-prone parts of the country, like British Columbia and Alberta, have not yet taken steps to protect or “harden” their homes from fire risk.

He hopes that a broader national recognition of fire risk, however, spurs people in other parts of the country to reassess how vulnerable their home or business might be to a fast-moving blaze.

“That’s the behavioural change we’re hoping to see next because there will be many years of fires to come. The size of the burned area will not go back to where things were 25 years ago. This is just our new reality and we need to be prepared. We change in mindset and a recognition that this can, and probably will, happen in so many parts of our country.”

Already, nearly 7.5m hectares (18.5m acres) have burned across Canada in 2025, far above the 10-year average.

Despite the national threat, there is no “one-size-fits-all” approach to reducing risk, said Jen Baron, a postdoctoral researcher at the University of British Columbia’s Centre for Wildfire Coexistence.

“British Columbia and Alberta have long been the poster children for this wildfire problem for a long time, but other regions are beginning to experience some of those same challenges. This speaks to the pervasiveness of climate change: even if a location was relatively low fire risk in the past, with the extended droughts that we’re seeing, that’s no longer the case now and into the future,” she said.

“Even though some parts of the country are having a wet year on average, things across the board are still warmer and drier than they were in the past,” she said.

That uncertainty has prompted a multimillion dollar funding effort from the federal government to study risk and adaptation because “there are very few parts of Canada that would be totally protected from wildfire”, said Baron.

With an international focus on wildfires, experts like Baron hope the recent years of immense blazes and choking smoke can spur a response that acknowledges the legacy of the forestry industry practices, urban encroachment into the wilderness and the Indigenous stewardship of forests.

“We’re just starting to catch up to the scale of the problem. Wildfire is a natural ecological process, but it’s become increasingly challenging to manage with changing climatic conditions.”

Baron said the “mild” nature of this year’s western fire season also provides a glimpse into the country’s future.

“Instead of one big fire year every 15 or 20 years, every year will be big in some part of the country,” she said “We really don’t know exactly how climate change is going to continue. It doesn’t drive things in linear ways. And we can’t predict where there’s going to be a drought next year. But it will be somewhere.”


7. [Finlight] South Korea's move to lower tensions with Kim Jong Un threatens 400,000 Christians

NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

FIRST ON FOX: A move aimed at lowering tensions between South and North Korea is threatening, rather than improving, life for the estimated 400,000 Christians who live in the North. The policy has been slammed as "a catastrophic strategic mistake."

South Korea’s new President, Lee Jae-myung, ordered a reported 80% of radio broadcasts from the South, beamed into the North, to stop transmitting in May. The President also declared that loudspeakers that had been broadcasting anti-communist propaganda on the border between the two countries should be taken down.

Myung reportedly told his Cabinet in Seoul, "I hope such reciprocal measures will gradually lead to dialogue and communication" between the two Koreas, the Korea Times reported Tuesday, adding that the South Korean President wants South and North Korea to "shift from a relationship that causes harm to each other to one that is mutually beneficial."

NORTH KOREA BREAKS SILENCE ON TRUMP'S RETURN, SENDS MESSAGE FROM 'ROCKET MAN'

In a statement reported by news website korea.net on August 5, South Korea’s defense ministry added that the new measures were "practical measures to help ease inter-Korean tensions, within a range that does not affect the military’s readiness posture."

But the shutdown of radio stations is having a drastic effect on North Korea’s Christians. The Kim Jong-un regime has ruled that it is a crime to worship Christianity. Even being found with a Bible can lead to execution, normally with a bullet, sometimes reportedly after torture.

There’s no general access to the internet for ordinary citizens. The only practical way Christians can experience the Gospel and Christian teaching or thoughts is to secretly listen to a radio. But now the Stimson Center’s 38 North, a publication analyzing data on North Korea, says broadcasts into the country from the South, including broadcasts previously backed by the U.S. Agency for Global Media, have been cut back by almost 80% since May, and they advise that level could fall even further over the coming months.

It’s also reported that it is more difficult to hear the Christian message now. Because there are fewer broadcasts still going into the North, authorities are said to be having greater success in electronically jamming them.

A U.S. State Department spokesperson expressed concern, telling Fox News Digital, "Under the leadership of President Trump and Secretary Rubio, the State Department Office of International Religious Freedom is actively looking into new ways to advance freedom of religion around the world, including in North Korea, and for North Korea’s severely persecuted Christian community. President Trump is a champion for religious freedom globally, including defending people’s ability to read the Bible and freely access religious texts."

It is impossible to over-estimate the importance of these broadcasts to Christians in North Korea, Timothy Cho, who defected from the country when he was 17, told Fox News Digital from London. Cho serves on the Secretariat of the British government’s All-Party Parliamentary Group on North Korea, saying "we are sharing the Gospel with our brothers and sisters on the ground in North Korea. This significance we cannot compare with any amount of values, because it is hope. It is hope, and it is light and it is the message they can rely on during the darkest time inside North Korea."

BISHOP'S VILLAGE ATTACKED, 20 SLAIN AFTER RECENT TESTIMONY TO CONGRESS ON CHRISTIAN PERSECUTION

In North Korea, Cho claimed, the ruling Kim family dynasty is portrayed collectively as gods, not only the so-called ‘Supreme Leaders," but supreme beings. He explained that’s why Christianity is so feared by the government. He added that "the most dangerous threat to North Korean authority is the claim of there being a true God who is not connected to the Kim dynasty."

"Underground Christianity provides a space for the free exchange of ideas. Christianity is a defining feature of the DNA of the Korean people," Greg Scarlatiou, President and CEO of the Washington-based Committee for Human Rights in North Korea, told Fox News Digital. "The Kim family regime wants none of that, having tried so hard to obliterate the true identity of the Korean people."

"The shutting down of radio stations beaming information into North Korea is a catastrophic strategic mistake. True change can't come from the Kim family. It can only come from the people of North Korea, especially Christians. And the only thing the outside world can do to help them is empowerment through information."

North Korea is at the top of Open Doors’ World Watch List for persecution of Christians again this year. Open Doors is a global organization that supports and speaks up for Christians persecuted for their faith. The report noted, "Police and intelligence agents search homes without warning. If they find Christian materials, it is considered a crime against the nation, and the whole family can be banished, imprisoned or executed. Those who use an unregistered smartphone or radio to access unapproved media are punished."

The report continued, "Christians only dare to listen to radio programs at night, hidden under blankets. Each act of worship, even though conducted by oneself, is perceived as an "act of extreme disloyalty." Citizens are trained to report anyone who might be an enemy of the regime, including family members.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"The national media broadcast anti-Christian content, where Christians are portrayed as evil betrayers of the nation, and missionary activities are referred to as acts of terrorism," the Open Doors report noted.

On Thursday, Kim Yo-jong, the North Korean leader’s sister, and Deputy Department Director of the Publicity and Information Department of the ruling Workers Party in Pyongyang, made it clear that North Korea will not lessen controls. She released a statement, monitored by a source in Seoul, reportedly saying, "We don't care whether South Korea dismantles the loudspeakers or stops the broadcasts. We have no intention of improving relations with America's loyal lackeys."






8. [Finlight] Indonesia to begin airdropping aid into Gaza Stip as IDF expands operations

Indonesia, a predominantly Muslim country, will be one of 11 countries to have executed aid drops in Gaza, with the coordination request specifically coming from within the political echelon.

Indonesia will start airdropping aid into the Gaza Strip, KAN News reported on Sunday, as the IDF begins to expand its operations in Gaza.

Countries typically coordinate airdrops with COGAT, but KAN reported that the request specifically came from within the political echelon.

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

Indonesia, a predominantly Muslim country, will be one of 11 countries that have executed aid drops in Gaza.

“Prime Minister [Benjamin] Netanyahu has invited any country willing to airdrop food into Gaza to join the humanitarian effort,” an anonymous senior political source told KAN.

So far, Jordan, Egypt, the United Arab Emirates, Germany, France, Spain, Belgium, Italy, Greece, the Netherlands, and Singapore have all dropped aid into Gaza.

Trucks carrying humanitarian aid line up near the Rafah border crossing between Egypt and the Gaza Strip, amid the ongoing conflict between Israel and Hamas, in Rafah, Egypt, August 13, 2025. (credit: Stringer/Reuters)

Witkoff says Gazans could be moved to Indonesia

However, Israel has not allowed airdrops from nations it believes are hostile, such as Turkey.

The Jerusalem Post reported earlier this year that US Special Envoy to the Middle East Steve Witkoff suggested that the population of Gaza could be relocated to Indonesia.

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

“You have to be right on top of it, ready to snuff out a problem if it happens,” the official said, adding that Witkoff plans to be a “near-constant presence” in the region to assist with any potential issues that may arise as the hostage-prisoner exchange unfolds over the coming weeks.

“If we don’t help the Gazans, if we don’t make their life better, if we don’t give them a sense of hope, there’s going to be a rebellion,” an anonymous official told NBC.


9. [Finlight] Lancashire Police advises greeting customers deters shoplifters

Greeting customers deters shoplifters, police say

35 minutes ago Share Save Angela Ferguson BBC News, Lancashire Share Save

EPA Shoplifting cost retailers and customers £2.2bn a year, the British Retail Association said

Shop owners should greet customers as soon as they enter a store in a bid to deter shoplifters, police have advised. Lancashire Police said shoplifters can assess how easy it is to steal from a shop by how soon after they enter they are spoken to by a member of staff, in what is known as "the three-to-five second rule". "By greeting genuine shoppers, not only does this provide a positive impression of your store, it also deters potential shoplifters," the force said. The advice comes as retailers said theft was spiralling out of control with the highest levels across England and Wales since current records began two decades ago.

In July, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) said there were 530,643 reported shoplifting offences in the year to March, which is a 20% increase from the previous year. British Retailers Association director Tom Ironside said the ONS figures "prove what retailers have long been telling us - that retail theft is spiralling out of control". He said such theft triggered violence and abuse towards staff and cost retailers and customers £2.2bn a year.

'Aggressive when challenged'

Lancashire Police issued the advice to retailers in an online guide - Securing your shop from shoplifters - as part of Operation Vulture, which tackles shoplifting. "If a thief thinks they've been spotted they're more likely to leave," the guide said. But it also urged caution as "shoplifters could respond aggressively when challenged". It advised staff to keep a safe distance, ask if the person needed help or a basket, and to step away and alert a manager or security if they felt uncomfortable.

The force also warned that thieves targeted stores where there was only one member of staff, "so have a few members of staff and make sure they're trained in how to spot shoplifters". It said Operation Vulture also involved hotspot patrols, increased visibility in targeted areas, and working with retailers to understand retail crime and identify offenders.

Listen to the best of BBC Radio Lancashire on Sounds and follow BBC Lancashire on Facebook, X and Instagram. You can also send story ideas via Whatsapp to 0808 100 2230.


10. [Finlight] Israelis Join Nationwide Rallies to Call for Release of Hostages

Thousands of Israelis on Sunday joined rallies and a nationwide strike calling for the government to reach an immediate truce with Hamas to free hostages held in Gaza.

The day of protest came as Israeli forces geared up to expand their offensive throughout the Palestinian enclave, despite widespread international condemnation.

Families of the captives, along with their supporters, blocked several major roadways, waving Israeli flags and bearing signs featuring the hostages’ photographs. At least 32 people had been detained for disrupting public order by early afternoon, according to the Israeli police.

It was unclear how many people would join the planned day of action, which was expected to culminate with a large evening protest. The country’s largest labor association, the Histadrut, has declined to throw its weight behind the strike. And while some universities said they would participate, the work stoppage falls during the academic summer break, blunting its impact.


💻 TECHNOLOGY HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

1. Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems - SiliconANGLE

Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems

Two of the largest enterprise infrastructure vendors announced product line expansions designed to give customers more options for deploying artificial intelligence workloads at scale. New offerings from Dell Technologies Inc. and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. include systems and software updates that incorporate Nvidia Corp.'s latest graphics processing unit technology and AI software, alongside tools from other partners, to help organizations move from AI experimentation to production.

Dell said it's updating its AI Data Platform with new components aimed at improving unstructured data ingestion, transformation, retrieval and compute performance. The platform is designed to handle the full AI workload lifecycle, from data ingestion to agentic inference to knowledge retrieval.

A new unstructured data engine developed in collaboration with Elasticsearch BV provides real-time, secure access to large-scale unstructured datasets, supporting advanced vector search, semantic retrieval and hybrid keyword search. The engine integrates GPU acceleration and Nvidia NeMo Retriever microservices for use in retrieval-augmented generation applications.

The Dell AI Data Platform also integrates a federated SQL engine from Starburst Data Inc. for querying multiple data sources without moving the data, and an Apache Spark-based data processing engine for batch and real-time analytics. They sit alongside Dell's PowerScale and ObjectScale storage systems, which support structured, semi-structured and unstructured data.

On the hardware side, Dell introduced PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers equipped with Nvidia RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell Server Edition GPUs, which are data center-class graphics and compute processors built on Nvidia's Blackwell architecture and designed for AI inference, visual computing, engineering simulation and virtual workstation workloads. Dell said the new GPUs can deliver up to six times the token throughput for large language model inference compared to its previous generation, along with higher engineering simulation performance and support for more concurrent users.

The R7725 will be the first 2U server to integrate the Nvidia AI Data Platform reference design, a validated blueprint for building GPU-accelerated infrastructure. Dell said the pairing yields a turnkey system for fast inferencing, semantic search and large AI workloads.

HPE said it's expanding its line of AI-optimized systems with new configurations that also use Nvidia's Blackwell architecture GPUs, as well as the latest Nvidia AI models. The company said these updates are intended to support both agentic AI -- or systems that complete tasks autonomously or with little supervision tasks - and physical AI, which involves AI control of robotics and other hardware systems.

HPE is also adding new options to its Cray XD670 and XD675 servers that allow them to be configured with Nvidia GB200 NVL72 systems for large-scale AI training, or with RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell GPUs for inference and smaller-scale workloads. HPE said both are pre-integrated with Nvidia's AI Enterprise software suite, including the NeMo framework and pretrained models such as Nvidia Nemotron for agentic AI and Cosmos for physical AI applications.

The company is also updating its GreenLake for AI offering to support the new systems. GreenLake is a consumption-based model for deploying AI infrastructure, allowing organizations to scale GPU resources as needed while keeping workloads on-premises or in colocation facilities. HPE said its Private Cloud AI will support the latest versions of the Nemotron and Cosmos models, as well as the latest Nvidia Blueprint for Video Search and Summarization.

Both companies' announcements center on integrating Nvidia's Blackwell-generation GPUs and related AI software into systems aimed at enterprises. Dell's focus is on connecting AI models to high-quality enterprise data, especially unstructured data, while HPE is emphasizing large-scale training and deployment of both agentic and physical AI models.

The announcements are part of a broader trend by infrastructure vendors to provide turnkey AI infrastructure that combines hardware, storage, networking and AI frameworks in pre-tested configurations.

Dell said its updated AI Data Platform with the unstructured data engine will be available later this year, alongside the PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers with RTX PRO 6000 GPUs. HPE said its updated Cray XD systems and GreenLake AI configurations will also be available in the coming months.


2. China's Tech Boom Attracts Foreign Investment Surge

The rhythmic hum of robotic arms in Suzhou factories and the digital pulse of Shanghai's AI labs tell an economic success story decades in the making. China has surpassed its ambitious five-year foreign direct investment (FDI) target of $700 billion ahead of schedule, with utilized FDI hitting $708.73 billion by mid-2024 -- a powerful rebuttal to narratives of foreign capital flight. This milestone, achieved amid global protectionist headwinds, underscores China's transformation into a high-tech investment magnet where innovation outpaces politics.

Despite geopolitical turbulence and supply chain realignments, China's patient cultivation of foreign enterprise is yielding historic dividends. Ministry of Commerce data reveals foreign firms now drive one-third of China's foreign trade, contribute 25% of industrial value-added output, and account for 1 in 7 tax dollars. Critically, they've generated over 30 million jobs since 2019 -- equivalent to the population of Malaysia. The 14th Five-Year Plan's $700 billion FDI target, once viewed as ambitious, was eclipsed six months early. In H1 2024 alone, 30,014 new foreign-invested firms registered across China -- an 11.7% YoY surge. While overall utilized FDI dipped 15.2% to $58.9 billion due to 2023's record-high baseline, the structural shift toward high-value sectors signals enduring confidence. As Franz Decker, BMW Brilliance Automotive CEO, asserted during the opening of their Nanjing R&D hub: "China demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation."

China's innovation pivot is rewriting FDI playbooks. Foreign capital flowing into high-tech industries leaped from 28.3% of total FDI in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023 -- a trajectory accelerating in 2024. E-commerce services saw explosive 130% YoY FDI growth in H1, while AI, biotech, and advanced manufacturing drew multinationals seeking China's "new quality productive forces." The Third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in June became a showcase for this transformation, featuring BMW's new Nanjing facility -- its largest Asian IT R&D center -- designed to leverage China's "rapidly evolving tech landscape." Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang, attending CISCE, observed: "China's supply chain is a miracle -- the world's largest and most complex, built on deep technology, AI and software. Technology adoption here is so fast, it sets global trends." This tech-led FDI boom reflects China's 9% average FDI return rate -- among the world's highest -- and validates Beijing's 2024 Action Plan stabilizing foreign investment through streamlined approvals and market access.

The H1 2024 FDI dip requires contextual understanding. OECD data shows global FDI fell 7% in 2023, with developing Asia experiencing steeper declines. China's contraction aligns with this trend while masking sectoral dynamism. Crucially, reinvested earnings by existing foreign enterprises -- a key FDI metric -- remain robust as firms like BASF and Tesla expand Chinese facilities. The State Council's 24-point guidelines for foreign investors, emphasizing intellectual property protection and equal procurement access, further anchor confidence. As the Ministry of Commerce emphasized in its June policy briefing: "Quality supersedes quantity -- we welcome capital aligned with high-end manufacturing and digital transformation."

China's $708 billion FDI milestone proves its economic resilience isn't cyclical but structural -- built on world-class infrastructure, deep talent pools, and unwavering commitment to innovation-led growth. For global investors, the calculus remains clear: overlooking China's high-tech transformation means missing the defining economic opportunity of our decade. Explore partnership opportunities through China's International Investment Promotion Agency to position your enterprise at the convergence of technology and growth.

China's 14th Five-Year Plan targeted $700 billion in cumulative foreign direct investment between 2021-2025. Ministry of Commerce data confirms this goal was surpassed six months early, reaching $708.73 billion by June 2024.

High-tech industries now dominate China FDI flows, rising from 28.3% of total investment in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023. E-commerce, AI, and advanced manufacturing led growth, with e-commerce FDI surging nearly 130% YoY in H1 2024.

BMW CEO Franz Decker cited China's "remarkable vitality in digital innovation ecosystems" when launching their Nanjing R&D center. Proximity to tech talent, rapid commercialization, and supportive industrial policies make China indispensable for global innovation.

Officials attribute H1 2024's 15.2% FDI dip to 2023's unusually high baseline and global trends. The 2024 "Stabilizing Foreign Investment" Action Plan counters concerns through market access easing and IP protections.

At approximately 9%, China's FDI return rate outperforms most major economies, according to World Bank investment viability analyses. This sustains appeal despite geopolitical uncertainties.

Data contradicts this narrative. Beyond record cumulative FDI, 30,014 new foreign firms registered in H1 2024 -- an 11.7% YoY increase -- with expansions by firms like Nvidia and BASF confirming long-term commitment.


3. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


4. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


5. Economic Watch: China's AI Tech Boosts Global Trade Efficiency, Facilitates Supply Chain

Beijing: To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q and A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing. "Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

According to Namibia Press Agency, during discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade. Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model. "The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes. At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms. The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images, and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for the overseas market. Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba. As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in the global trade landscape. At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent, and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world." China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi, and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce. Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


6. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

A visitor tries a pair of glasses at the booth of TCL in the Digital Technology Chain area of the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China, July 19, 2025. [Photo/Xinhua]

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30% The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95%, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

Open Source

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40% compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10% of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9% year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


7. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

This photo taken on July 17, 2025 shows robots at the booth of Nvidia during the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China. (Xinhua/Ding Hongfa)

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


8. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


9. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


10. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


🎯 MARKET SYNTHESIS
----------------------------------------
Total stories analyzed: 89
Overall news sentiment: Neutral (0.10)

Data Sources:
  • Financial Modeling Prep (FMP) - Market data & calendar
  • NewsAPI.ai - World, USA, and tech news
  • Finlight - Financial market news

================================================================================
END OF BRIEFING