PREMIUM MIDDAY MARKET BRIEFING
Generated: August 17, 2025 at 12:32 PM ET
================================================================================

📊 TRADING DATA OVERVIEW
----------------------------------------

Cryptocurrency (24hr):
  • BTC: $118,133.79 (+0.58%)
  • ETH: $4,536.68 (+2.52%)
  • BNB: $857.95 (+2.23%)
Markets are closed for the weekend.

🌍 WORLD NEWS DIGEST
----------------------------------------

1. Kaduna governor, 4 others show strength in by-elections, list emerges

Don't miss out! Join Legit.ng's Sports News channel on WhatsApp now!

Legit.ng journalist Ridwan Adeola Yusuf has over 9 years of experience covering politics, elections, and governance in Nigeria.

Kaduna, Kaduna state - It was delight in the camps of Governors Uba Sani (Kaduna), Charles Soludo (Anambra), Dapo Abiodun (Ogun), Monday Okpebholo (Edo state), and Seyi Makinde (Oyo) as results of the by-elections in parts of the country went hugely in favour of the candidates they had spent much time campaigning for in the last few months.

Legit.ng reports that on the contrary, the candidates of Nasir El-Rufai, former governor of Kaduna state, and those of Peter Obi, the Labour Party (LP) presidential candidate in 2023, had an outing to forget.

Legit.ng highlights the governors that showed their strength in the polls on Saturday, August 16, 2025.

The All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate in Chikun/Kajuru federal constituency of Kaduna state, Joseph Bagudu, and that of Zaria/Kewaye state constituency, Mohammed Haruna, appeared to be cruising to victory at the close of voting.

Reports from the various polling centres showed that their votes overshadowed those of Adanu Alexander of the African Democratic Congress (ADC) and Dawaki Esther of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for Chikun/Kajuru, as well as Isiyaku Kabir of ADC and Mamuda Abdullahi of PDP for Zaria/Kewaye.

Mallam El Rufai had rolled out his political machinery ahead of the by-election, crisscrossing the various wards to canvass support for the ADC candidates. But all that seemed to have counted for nothing as shown by the results from the fields.

Early returns from the polling booths showed that landslide victories awaited the APC senatorial candidate in Edo Central Joseph Ikpea and the party's flagbearer in Ovia North East/Ovia South West federal constituency of the state, Omosede Igbinedion.

Omosede is the daughter of the Esama of Benin Kigdom, Chief Gabriel Igbinedion.

Omosede polled 450 votes while the PDP and ADC got one vote each at the end of voting there.

She had contested for the same seat in 2023 on the platform of PDP but lost to APC's Dennis Idahosa who vacated the seat following his election as deputy governor last September.

Governor Okpebholo, an APC chieftain, voted at Ward 2, Unit 1, Udomi Primary School in Esan Central local government area.

The candidates of Governor Soludo's party, the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), won the by-elections for the Anambra South Senatorial District and the Onitsha North constituency of the state house of assembly held on Saturday, August 16.

The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) announced the two results on Sunday, August 17, in Onitsha and Nnewi local governments, respectively.

Governor Abiodun notched up one more victory over his close rival, PDP's Ladi Adebutu, with the massive votes for the APC house of representatives candidate for Ikenne/Shagamu/Remo North, Adesola Elegbeji.

The APC had run away with a narrow victory against the PDP in the 2023 election in the constituency.

When a vacancy occurred in 2024 following the death of Adewunmi Onanuga, the PDP thought it was time to revenge only for the voters to decide otherwise.

Bolarinwa Oluwole, PDP candidate in the by-election accused the APC of deploying thugs to chase voters away from polling units in the constituency.

He said the thugs targeted strongholds of the PDP to cause violence. He claimed there was no by-election in Ogun.

It was double embarrassment for the PDP in the state as the party was linked with an attempt to bribe its way to victory in the election.

Governor Makinde steered the PDP to victory as the party defeated the APC in all 12 wards in Ibadan North federal constituency.

The bye-election, conducted to fill the vacant house of representatives seat in the constituency, held on Saturday, August 16.

The candidate of the APC, Wale Murphy, did not only lose the election, he also lost his polling unit.

Earlier, Legit.ng reported that the APC secured victory in the Ghari/Tsanyawa supplementary election held in Kano state.

Announcing the results, the returning officer (RO), Professor Muhammad Waziri from Bayero University, declared APC candidate Garba Gwarmai the winner with a total of 31,472 votes.


2. Ayala Land to raise P10B this month

AYALA Land Inc. (ALI) is set to raise about P10 billion this month through a sustainability-linked loan as part of a P50-billion funding program for the second half.

"We'll do the sustainability link this August, yes. P10 [billion] would be a loan this month," Chief Finance Officer Augusto Bengzon told reporters last Friday.

He added that the company was also planning a bond issuance in the fourth quarter, probably around October.

About P30 billion, or 60 percent of the planned P50-billion fundraising, will be done through a sustainability-linked financing format, the company has said.

Bengzon noted that 40 percent would be sourced from the capital markets, another 40 percent through facilities with banks and the remaining 20 percent with a multilateral agency.

Get the latest news

delivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address, I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

Earlier this month, President and CEO Anna Ma. Margarita Bautista-Dy said that Ayala Land was "preparing for a busy second half" with P57 billion worth of new property development launches and the completion of reinvention works in flagship malls and hotels, which the company expects would further support growth.

Ayala Land reported an 8-percent year-on-year increase in net income to P14.2 billion in the first half, supported by strong residential sales, robust commercial and industrial lot transactions, and record-high leasing and hospitality revenues.

Advertisement

Ayala Land shares dropped 40 centavos, or 1.50 percent, to P26.35 apiece on Friday.


3. Terence Stamp, Actor Who Played Superman Villain General Zod, Dies

His family confirmed his death, at age 87, to The New York Times. No place or cause of death was given.

Best known to millions as the fearsome General Zod in Superman (1978) and Superman II (1980), Stamp's career spanned six decades.

His chilling demand, "Kneel before Zod!" became a cult catchphrase and marked his early acclaim and later reinvention.

Born in London's East End in 1938, Stamp survived the Blitz as a child and launched his career after training at the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art.

He made an instant impact in his film debut, Billy Budd (1962), earning Oscar and BAFTA nominations.

By the mid-1960s, Stamp was a defining figure of Swinging London, starring opposite Julie Christie in Far from the Madding Crowd and winning Best Actor at Cannes for his haunting turn in The Collector (1965).

Equally at home in prestige dramas, cult classics and blockbusters, Stamp dazzled in films like The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert (1994), The Limey (1999), and Star Wars: The Phantom Menace (1999).

He was also an acclaimed writer and voice actor, lending gravitas to everything from video games to British jazz documentaries.

Stamp's personal life was as colorful as his filmography: he was a muse to photographers, a confidant to Michael Caine, and a fixture of London's swinging social scene.

He married once, to Elizabeth O'Rourke, and is survived by family including his brother, music impresario Chris Stamp.

Click here to follow Daily Voice Tarrytown-SleepyHollow and receive free news updates.


4. Pro-democracy Hong Kong activist granted asylum in Australia

SYDNEY -- Former pro-democracy Hong Kong lawmaker and activist Ted Hui, who is wanted by the Chinese city, has been granted asylum in Australia, he said in a social media post, calling on Canberra to do more for those who remain jailed.

The former British colony -- handed back to China in 1997 -- has seen dissent quashed since Beijing imposed a sweeping national security law following huge and at times violent democracy protests that erupted in 2019.

TASTE OF FREEDOM Pro-democracy legislator Ted Hui is detained by police during a pro-democracy rally in the Causeway Bay district of Hong Kong on June 12, 2020. AFP PHOTO

Hui, a high-profile participant at the time who has since resettled in Adelaide, said the Australian government had granted him a protection visa this week, with asylum also extending to his wife, children and parents.

"I express my sincere gratitude to the Government of Australia -- both present and former -- for recognizing our need for asylum and granting us this protection," he said in a Facebook post on Saturday.

Get the latest news

delivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address, I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

A vocal critic of Hong Kong and Beijing authorities, Hui is among several overseas activists targeted in 2023 by police bounties of HK$1 million each.

The bounties, which have previously drawn strong criticism from Western countries, are seen as largely symbolic given that they affect people living abroad in nations unlikely to extradite political activists to Hong Kong or China.

Advertisement

In this Facebook post, Hui urged the Australian government not to forget other Hong Kong activists who remained jailed, including tycoon Jimmy Lai, who has been behind bars since 2020.

"Australia must do more to rescue them and to speak up for their humanity," Hui said. "Its stance matters internationally, and its protection of Hongkongers sets a precedent for other democracies."

He added that he and his family will "give back to Australia in every way we can -- through our work, our civic engagement, and our commitment to the values of democracy and freedom."

While Hong Kong's government did not comment directly on Hui's case, a spokesman said Saturday those who absconded should not think they could evade "criminal liability."

Advertisement

"Any country that harbors Hong Kong criminals in any form shows contempt for the rule of law, grossly disrespects Hong Kong's legal systems and barbarically interferes in the affairs of Hong Kong," the spokesman said.

Australian Foreign Minister Penny Wong has previously objected Hong Kong's arrest warrants and bounties.

"Freedom of expression and assembly are essential to our democracy," she said last month on social media.

"We have consistently expressed our strong objections to China and Hong Kong on the broad and extraterritorial application of Hong Kong's national security legislation, and we will continue to do so."


5. US says Russia agrees to US, European security guarantees for Ukraine

Russia has agreed to allow the United States and European allies to provide NATO-like security guarantees to Ukraine, US Special Envoy Steve Witkoff told CNN on Sunday.

He said the United States was able to get Russia to agree to the US providing Ukraine with NATO-type protection as outlined in Article 5, which says that an attack on one member is considered an attack on all.

"We moved the Russians significantly past where we thought they were going to end up," Witkoff said.

He said the US "is potentially prepared to be able to give Article 5 security guarantees, but not from NATO, directly from the United States and other European countries. That is big. I mean, really big."

For Russian President Vladimir Putin, Ukraine's NATO membership is non-negotiable.

Witkoff was at the Friday meeting with Trump and Putin in Alaska along with US Secretary of State Marco Rubio and two Russian advisers

Witkoff made similar comments in an interview on Sunday with Fox News, when he said that the security guarantees would not involve NATO as a whole in the event of a defence situation. Instead, the United States and European countries would ensure Ukraine's security

Details of the proposal remain unclear

Witkoff did not elaborate further on the details. He stated that Ukraine and its European allies have already been informed of the proposal, according to CNN.

Witkoff also noted that Russia has expressed its intention to commit, as part of a peace agreement, to refrain from occupying further territories in Ukraine. Additionally, Russia has pledged not to cross European borders, he said on Fox News.

Speaking to CNN, Witkoff emphasized that Russia is showing movement in the negotiations for the first time and is willing to make concessions. "Now we need to build on this and achieve an agreement for the Ukrainians that ensures their self-determination and the protection of their sovereign borders."


6. College Football Playoff: The Big Ten's latest proposal is a stunner, which might be the entire point

By Jon Wilner | jwilner@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group

The public furor over relatively light NCAA penalties in Michigan's sign-stealing scandal was barely 24 hours old Saturday when the Big Ten interrupted the news cycle with a leaked proposal to super-size the College Football Playoff.

What better way to change a negative narrative -- to end the outrage -- than with something utterly outrageous?

The shock factor might well be the point of Big Ten commissioner Tony Petitti's latest playoff proposal, which was reported by multiple news agencies.

The conference is floating the concept of a 24- or 28-team CFP.

In the larger version, the Big Ten and SEC would receive seven automatic bids, with the ACC and Big 12 getting five.

Conference championship games would be eliminated.

The opening-round games would be played on the second Saturday in December, the day currently reserved for Army-Navy and the Heisman Trophy presentation.

It's not the incremental playoff expansion, from 12 teams to 14 or 16, that has been discussed and debated by the power conference commissioners for months.

It's a complete restructuring of the postseason that would (likely) begin in 2027 and have massive consequences for the sport.

The concept makes zero sense and loads of sense at the same time, especially if Petitti's goal is to recast his previous proposal as tame.

Months ago, the Big Ten crafted a 16-team CFP with 13 automatic qualifiers, including four each for the Big Ten and SEC. The idea seemed radical at the time, encountered immediate pushback and struggled for traction. Eventually, a counterproposal by the Big 12, with five automatic qualifiers and 11 at-large berths, gained support.

What better way to normalize the radical than by offering up the ridiculous?

And just to be clear: We believe Petitti's original plan had considerable merit -- that the downstream, multi-year impact on regular-season schedules would benefit the entire sport.

(The biggest problem with the so-called AQ format was the messaging. Petitti, a former Major League Baseball executive, didn't sell it to the public. And in college sports, to a far greater extent than the pros, public opinion matters.)

So the Hotline is not hardwired to resist whatever proposals the Big Ten puts forth.

But a 24- or 28-team playoff? Hard pass.

It's loaded with flaws, starting with the likely impact on the three-month regular season that has always been the lifeblood of the sport. If 14 of the 34 combined teams in the SEC and Big Ten (41 percent) are guaranteed playoff bids before a single result has been posted, the Saturday drama would plunge -- and take interest with it.

Oh, and don't forget: The proposal carves out two at-large spots, so there would be room for an eighth, and possibly ninth entrant from either the Big Ten or SEC.

Teams with .500 records (overall) could participate.

Teams that lose to Appalachian State could get in.

There are other hurdles.

The super-sized playoff would devastate the bowl system. That might please some fans and industry officials, but it won't sit well in certain corners.

Additionally, the expanded, five-round event would force ESPN to rethink its programming strategy.

The network owns the rights to the CFP through the 2031 season and, presumably, would have to approve the radical change.

Would ESPN want the additional games?

Could the change open a pathway for Fox, the Big Ten's media partner, to grab a piece of the postseason inventory?

And would the elimination of conference championship games lead to ESPN and Fox tearing up their existing media rights contracts and negotiating new deals with the power conferences that account for a devalued regular season?

There are a litany of unknowns at this point.

The 24- and 28-team formats reportedly have not been shared with the SEC, ACC or Big 12. That will change in the coming days.

The models could be tweaked or trashed.

All we know at this point is any format changes for the 2026 season must be passed along to ESPN before the end of 2025.

Also, we know the 16-team proposal by the Big Ten recently considered radical now looks reasonable by comparison.


7. Terence Stamp, Actor Who Played Superman Villain General Zod, Dies

His family confirmed his death, at age 87, to The New York Times. No place or cause of death was given.

Best known to millions as the fearsome General Zod in Superman (1978) and Superman II (1980), Stamp's career spanned six decades.

His chilling demand, "Kneel before Zod!" became a cult catchphrase and marked his early acclaim and later reinvention.

Born in London's East End in 1938, Stamp survived the Blitz as a child and launched his career after training at the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art.

He made an instant impact in his film debut, Billy Budd (1962), earning Oscar and BAFTA nominations.

By the mid-1960s, Stamp was a defining figure of Swinging London, starring opposite Julie Christie in Far from the Madding Crowd and winning Best Actor at Cannes for his haunting turn in The Collector (1965).

Equally at home in prestige dramas, cult classics and blockbusters, Stamp dazzled in films like The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert (1994), The Limey (1999), and Star Wars: The Phantom Menace (1999).

He was also an acclaimed writer and voice actor, lending gravitas to everything from video games to British jazz documentaries.

Stamp's personal life was as colorful as his filmography: he was a muse to photographers, a confidant to Michael Caine, and a fixture of London's swinging social scene.

He married once, to Elizabeth O'Rourke, and is survived by family including his brother, music impresario Chris Stamp.

Click here to follow Daily Voice Trumbull-Monroe and receive free news updates.


8. Bargain hunting, rate cut hopes could lift sentiment

Philippines aims for single-digit poverty by 2028 despite growth cuts

INVESTORS will be looking for fresh leads this week with bargain hunting seen providing some support even as participants maintain a cautious stance, analysts said.

The benchmark Philippine Stock Exchange index (PSEi) ended last Friday at 6,315.93, down 0.37 percent week on week amid shifting sentiment regarding a Federal Reserve rate hike next month. Year-to-date, the PSEi is down 3.26 percent.

"The local market has been alternately moving between gains and losses for 10 weeks already as investors remain indecisive of its direction," Philstocks Financial Inc. research manager Japhet Tantiangco said.

The bourse remains undervalued, he added, noting that "the PSEi's [price-to-earnings] ratio is at 10.9x. This is below its 5-year historical average of 17.3x and the regional average of 17.4x," he said.

"With the market at attractive levels, we may see some bargain hunting in [this] week's trading."

Get the latest news

delivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address, I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

With the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) also set to decide on interest rates next week, Tantiangco said "hopes of further easing... may give the market support."

A strong rally, however, is not expected in the absence of fresh positive leads.

Advertisement

"Investors are still expected to maintain a cautious stance while waiting for new catalysts," Tantiangco said.

From a technical perspective, he said "the local market is still bearishly biased as it continues to form lower highs."

Unicapital Group Research head Wendy Estacio-Cruz, meanwhile, said remittance data had helped buoy the market last week, with June cash remittances having risen 3.7 percent year-on-year to $2.99 billion.

For the first half, transfers made through banks reached $16.75 billion, up 3.1 percent.

Advertisement

"We view the next BSP monetary policy meeting on Aug. 28 as a key domestic catalyst," she said. "Meanwhile, in the US, the next Federal Reserve interest rate decision is scheduled for September 16-17, 2025."

"We expect the index to trade between 6,300 and 6,500 [this] week," she added.

Online brokerage 2TradeAsia.com, for its part, said global monetary easing hopes were driving sentiment, particularly following subdued US inflation and weak jobs data.

"A dovish pivot now dominates market sentiment, as subdued July US inflation and a surprisingly weak jobs report have intensified calls for a September Fed rate cut," it said.

Advertisement

"The critical near-term catalyst is now Fed Chair [Jerome] Powell's upcoming address, where any deviation from the market's dovish script could trigger significant volatility," it added.

The Fed chief will be giving a speech on the US' economic outlook and the central bank's review of its policy framework this Friday in Jackson Hole, Wyoming.

Locally, 2TradeAsia said equities remained in technical consolidation despite positive earnings in the banking and consumer sectors.

"The key forward-looking catalyst remains the BSP, at least in the short-medium term; a decisive shift to an accommodative policy stance is required to lower the cost of capital, boost earnings forecasts and trigger a market re-rating," it added.


9. Aja Ekadashi Lucky Zodiacs: আগামী ৪৮ ঘণ্টায় বিষ্ণুর কৃপা বৃষ্টি! অজা একাদশী থেকেই ৩ রাশির আচ্ছে দিন, বাড়বে বেশ কয়েক গুণ শক্তি

CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2020 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2020. All rights reserved.


10. EU push to protect digital rules holds up trade statement with US, FT reports

THE European Union is trying to prevent the United States from targeting the bloc's digital rules as both sides work through the final details of a delayed statement to formalize a trade deal reached last month, the Financial Times reported on Sunday.

EU officials said disagreements over language relating to "nontariff barriers," which the US said included the digital rules, were among the reasons for the hold-up of the statement, the newspaper said.

Reuters could not immediately verify the report. The European Union, the White House and the State Department did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

The statement had originally been expected days after the July announcement by EU President Ursula von der Leyen and US President Donald Trump, according to FT.

The July deal imposed a 15-percent import tariff on most EU goods -- half the initially threatened rate -- and helped avert a broader trade war between the two allies, who together account for nearly a third of global trade.

Get the latest news

delivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address, I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

The US wanted to keep the door open for possible concessions on the EU's Digital Services Act (DSA), which Washington says stifles free speech and imposes costs on US tech companies, according to FT, which added that the commission has said that relaxing these rules is a red line.

The EU's DSA is a landmark law meant to make the online environment safer and fairer by compelling tech giants to do more to tackle illegal content, including hate speech and child sexual abuse material.

Advertisement

The commission had anticipated that Trump would sign an executive order by Aug. 15 to cut tariffs on EU car exports to the US from 27.5 percent to 15 percent. However, a US official signaled that this would be delayed until the joint statement was finalized, according to FT.


11. BSP issues new rules for holiday operations

THE Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) has revised its standard operating procedures (SOP) for holidays and work suspensions to guarantee uninterrupted delivery of essential central bank functions and promote stability in the country's financial markets.

It amends Memorandum M-2023-040, dated Dec. 22, 2023, and takes effect immediately.

Memorandum M-2025-028, signed by BSP Governor Eli Remolona Jr., aims to maintain operations of the central bank's large-value payment system and support overall market stability.

Under the new rules, the BSP remains open for business even during Philippine holidays, including local holidays and government-declared work suspensions.

Exemptions apply only when Malacañang declares a nationwide regular or special nonworking holiday for the public and private sectors, or when the BSP governor or officer in charge suspends operations due to safety risks, the breakdown of critical utilities or other major disruptions.

Get the latest news

delivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address, I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

In such extraordinary cases, advisories are issued by its communication office and concerned departments, ideally on the day before, or no later than 8 a.m. on the same day of suspension.

For suspensions that take effect after 8 a.m., advisories are released at least one hour prior to implementation.

Advertisement

The memo identifies specific operations required on holidays and public/private work suspensions:

- Monetary and foreign exchange operations, such as the trading and settlement of BSP transactions managed by the Financial Markets unit.

- Preparation of the daily Reference Exchange Rate Bulletin.

- Peso Real-Time Gross Settlement through the Philippine Payments and Settlements System.

Advertisement

- Cash services including currency deposits and withdrawals.

- Check-clearing teller transactions.

System administration functions carried out by BSP regional offices and branches, including the Greater Manila Regional Office.

The holidays, when all of these activities proceed, will be considered a "Reserve Day" -- or the specific period used for calculating a bank's reserve requirements.

Advertisement

Aligned operations

The BSP added that relevant financial market infrastructures and industry associations are expected to align their operations with the central bank's essential functions, including:

- The Bureau of Treasury for government securities settlement.

- Bankers Association of the Philippines for foreign exchange and derivatives trading.

Advertisement

- Philippine Dealing & Exchange Corp. for fixed-income trading.

- Money Market Association of the Philippines for government securities repo transactions.

- Philippine Depository & Trust Corp. for equities and fixed-income depository settlements.

- Philippine Clearing House Corp. for check image clearing, PESONet, USD/PHP payment versus payment and domestic dollar transfers, and BancNet for ATM and InstaPay clearing.

Advertisement

The new SOP, said the BSP, reflects its improved capacity to perform critical operations across different scenarios and work arrangements, ensuring that the financial system continues to operate smoothly despite disruptions.


12. Pakistan defends flood response after more than 270 people killed

Rescuers recovered dozens more bodies from the rubble of collapsed homes in a north-western district of Pakistan, bringing the death toll to at least 274, as authorities defended their response to the flooding.

Heavy rains and flooding also killed dozens of people in neighbouring Kashmir.

Mohammad Suhail, a spokesman for Pakistan's emergency service, said 54 bodies were found in Buner, a mountainous area in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, where torrential rains and cloudbursts triggered massive flooding on Friday.

Mr Suhail said villagers remained missing, and search efforts were focused on areas where homes were flattened by torrents of water that swept down from the mountains, carrying boulders that smashed into houses like explosions.

Authorities have warned of more deluges and possible landslides between now and Tuesday, urging local administrations to remain on alert. Higher-than-normal monsoon rains have lashed the country since June 26 and killed more than 600.

In India-administered Kashmir, located across Pakistan's north-eastern border, rains triggered more flash floods in two villages in the Kathua district, killing seven people, officials said on Sunday.

Rescuers in Chositi village are still looking for dozens of missing people after the area was hit by flash floods last week during an annual Hindu pilgrimage. At least 60 people were killed, and some 150 injured. More than 300 others were rescued.

Residents in Buner have accused officials of failing to warn them to evacuate after torrential rain and cloudbursts triggered deadly flooding and landslides. There was no warning broadcast from mosque loudspeakers, a traditional method in remote areas.

The government said that while an early warning system was in place, the sudden downpour in Buner was so intense that the deluge struck before residents could be alerted.

Lieutenant General Inam Haider, chairman of the national disaster management authority, told a hastily convened news conference in Islamabad that Pakistan was experiencing shifting weather patterns because of climate change.

Since the monsoon season began in June, Pakistan has already received 50% more rainfall than in the same period last year, he said.

He warned that more intense weather could follow, with heavy rains forecast to continue this month.

Some countries have reached out to Islamabad offering help, but Lt Gen Haider said Pakistan had sufficient resources and did not require foreign assistance at this time.

Asfandyar Khan Khattak, director-general of the provincial disaster management authority, said there was "no forecasting system anywhere in the world" that could predict the exact time and location of a cloudburst, a sudden and intense downpour.

Idrees Mahsud, a disaster management official, said Pakistan's early warning system used satellite imagery and meteorological data to send alerts to local authorities. These were shared through the media and community leaders.

An emergency services spokesman in Buner, Mohammad Sohail, said more than half the damaged roads in the district had reopened by Sunday, allowing vehicles and heavy machinery to reach cut-off villages.

Crews were clearing piles of rocks and mud dumped by the floods. They were still using heavy machinery to remove the rubble of collapsed homes after families reported that some of their relatives were missing.

Pakistan is highly vulnerable to climate-induced disasters.

In 2022, a record-breaking monsoon killed nearly 1,700 people and destroyed millions of homes.

The country also suffers regular flash floods and landslides during the monsoon season, which runs from June to September, particularly in the rugged north-west of the country, where villages are often perched on steep slopes and riverbanks.

Experts say climate change is intensifying the frequency and severity of such extreme weather events in South Asia.

Khalid Khan, a weather expert, said Pakistan produced less than 1% of planet-warming emissions but faced heat waves, heavy rains, glacial outburst floods and now cloudbursts, underscoring how climate change was devastating communities within hours.


13. Deceitful. And murderous - BusinessWorld Online

Taking up the cudgels for big tobacco, Japan Tobacco International (JTI) wants to lower tobacco tax rates. So goes the news story titled "JTI lobbying for tweak in cigarette tax policy" (BusinessMirror, Aug. 12).

JTI claims that "high taxation does not necessarily translate into better health outcomes." JTI's corporate affairs and communications director, Shaiful Bahari Mahpar, said that high taxation caused the decline in consumption of legal tobacco brands but increased the illicit tobacco trade in the Philippines.

The JTI argument, which is likewise the argument of the whole tobacco industry, is most deceitful.

What the tobacco industry wants to "reform" is the annualized indexation of tax rates, equivalent to 5%. It claims that the 5% yearly tax increase is too high and is lobbying for its removal, going as far as pushing for House Bill 11360, a bill railroaded in the 19 Congress. But such a rate is in fact inadequate to reduce the affordability of cigarettes. It merely protects the value of the tax rate from being eroded by inflation.

The evidence is likewise clear. Making tobacco prices steeper through higher taxes will result in a fall in demand. This is most welcome because we want people to stop smoking, or at least reduce consumption. Contrary to JTI's absurd claim that there is "no change in the overall total consumption in the Philippines," a series of tobacco excise tax laws increasing taxes significantly in 2012, 2017, and 2019, led to adult smoking prevalence falling from 29.7% in 2009 to 19.5% in 2021 (Global Adult Tobacco Survey).

The substantial decline in smoking prevalence was accompanied by a significant rise in tobacco tax revenues. Price inelasticity of cigarettes explains the inverse relationship. In simple terms, the rise in taxes or prices does not have a proportionate decrease in smoking. After a tax hike, the predicted decrease in the rate of smoking will be smaller than the rate of tax increase, which will yield considerably more government revenues.

Yet, a disturbing pattern recently emerged. Smoking prevalence recently increased between 2021 and 2023, as reported by the Department of Science and Technology-Food and Nutrition Research Institute's (DoST-FNRI) Expanded National Nutrition Survey. And revenue collection from tobacco excise taxes declined from 2022 to 2024, although data for the first half of 2025 show a rebound in tobacco tax revenues.

But contrary to what the tobacco industry suggests, the increase in smoking prevalence and the decline in government revenues cannot be attributed to high prices or high taxes.

The cause for the rise in consumption and drop in revenue collections: affordable vape and heated tobacco products (which are taxed lower than cigarettes) and cheap tobacco products in the illicit market.

Deterring illicit trade is mainly a function of governance and enforcement, not of tax or price. This is well illustrated by a survey and price audit of sari-sari stores done by Action for Economic Reforms conducted in 2024, which showed that illicit tobacco trade is very low in major cities in Luzon and the Visayas, but extreme in parts of Mindanao. Given the acutely contrasting results between Mindanao and the rest of the Philippines with regard to the magnitude of illicit trade, we can conclude that the cause is not the tobacco tax, which is applied nationally. In Luzon and Visayas, the Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) and cooperating local government units have strong and consistent enforcement. In major parts of Mindanao, particularly those where historical open trade with neighboring countries thrives, bad institutions, particularly control by warlords or high-level authorities, abet illicit trade.

We must combat illicit trade. But the key clearly is tougher enforcement of rules -- not only through heavy penalties but, more importantly, through a credible commitment and a real threat that violators have a high probability of being caught, prosecuted and punished with the full weight of the law.

Tobacco control advocates have proposed a menu of proven policies to fight illicit trade. These include: a digital track and trace system independent from the tobacco industry that can monitor the movement of tobacco products across the supply chain in real time; stronger coordination among national agencies and local government units; granting power to the BIR to revoke licenses of businesses involved in illicit trade; forging inter-regional cooperation to stop the movement of illegal cigarettes at the point of origin; and enabling citizens to take action against illicit trade by using ubiquitous, user-friendly technology.

Both economic theory and experiences of dozens of countries worldwide show that the tobacco industry's lobby to lower tobacco taxes would result in much lower tax revenues. Yet the industry professes concern over the decline in government revenues. Health outcomes would worsen as demand for lower-taxed -- hence cheapened -- cigarettes would rise. Our sin tax laws require that tobacco excise tax revenues be allocated towards public healthcare; therefore, a decrease in tobacco tax rates would jeopardize our public healthcare system. Yet ironically, the industry's propaganda expresses concern over health.

In short, the so-called concern of the tobacco industry is hypocritical, even nonsensical, and undoubtedly, a huge deception. To achieve better health outcomes and to raise tax revenues, the government should not roll back taxes; in fact, the evidence shows it must legislate higher taxes.

The industry's disinformation is that higher prices because of higher taxes cause the decline in government revenues and cause the rise in illicit trade. But the disinformation conveniently avoids the stark fact that the tobacco companies themselves are boosting their retail prices much higher than the increase in tax rates.

The evidence is clear. In 2023, the tobacco excise tax rate increased by P5 per pack. The same year, the increase in the net-of-tax retail price of the most popular brands of registered tobacco companies increased by almost double the increase in the tax rate. In 2023, JTI's best-selling brand, Mighty, had an increase in net-of-tax retail price of P7.55, and Philip Morris increased the net-of-tax retail price of Marlboro, the best-selling brand in the market, by P9.11. Obviously, the tobacco industry could afford to raise their prices higher than the P5 per pack increase in 2023.

In 2024, when the tobacco tax rate indexation transitioned from the specific P5 annual increase to 5% of the previous year's excise tax rate, which translates to P3, the net-of-tax price of JTI's Mighty was hiked to P10.96, more than triple the increase in excise tax rate in 2024.

These facts suggest that the government can and must further increase tobacco taxes. Why shouldn't the government raise taxes at a higher rate when tobacco companies are boosting their prices at rates higher than the existing incremental tax rates that barely keep pace with inflation?

And while revenues from tobacco excise taxes have declined, financial statements obtained from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) show that the revenues of JTI, especially, and Philip Morris have increased. The financial statements show that the bottom lines for both companies are in the black. They have solid profits.

Moreover, an Economics for Health policy paper published in June 2025 (Economics for Health, https://tinyurl.com/2xlo67nm/) noted that the tobacco industry's profits could easily be manipulated by moving profits to associated distributors and other entities in the supply chain. This would require further investigation by the government.

For the first half of 2025, Fortune Tobacco registered a 12% growth in net income, resulting from a 10% increase in equity earning from Philip Morris Fortune Tobacco Corp. (Bilyonaryo, Aug. 13).

Ultimately, the lobby of the tobacco industry is all about greed and profit maximization. In defense of greed, the industry uses nonsensical and deceitful arguments.

Tragically, the nonsense the industry is peddling causes immeasurable harm. Lower tobacco prices because of lower taxes translate to more smokers and more tobacco-related diseases and deaths.

Horribly, the industry's lobby to lower tax rates is murderous. At least half of smokers will die prematurely from a tobacco-attributable disease. Tobacco kills.

Filomeno S. Sta. Ana III coordinates the Action for Economic Reforms. Pia Rodrigo is strategic communications officer at Action for Economic Reforms.


14. Terence Stamp, Actor Who Played Superman Villain General Zod, Dies

His family confirmed his death, at age 87, to The New York Times. No place or cause of death was given.

Best known to millions as the fearsome General Zod in Superman (1978) and Superman II (1980), Stamp's career spanned six decades.

His chilling demand, "Kneel before Zod!" became a cult catchphrase and marked his early acclaim and later reinvention.

Born in London's East End in 1938, Stamp survived the Blitz as a child and launched his career after training at the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art.

He made an instant impact in his film debut, Billy Budd (1962), earning Oscar and BAFTA nominations.

By the mid-1960s, Stamp was a defining figure of Swinging London, starring opposite Julie Christie in Far from the Madding Crowd and winning Best Actor at Cannes for his haunting turn in The Collector (1965).

Equally at home in prestige dramas, cult classics and blockbusters, Stamp dazzled in films like The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert (1994), The Limey (1999), and Star Wars: The Phantom Menace (1999).

He was also an acclaimed writer and voice actor, lending gravitas to everything from video games to British jazz documentaries.

Stamp's personal life was as colorful as his filmography: he was a muse to photographers, a confidant to Michael Caine, and a fixture of London's swinging social scene.

He married once, to Elizabeth O'Rourke, and is survived by family including his brother, music impresario Chris Stamp.

Click here to follow Daily Voice Mahwah-Ramsey and receive free news updates.


15. Terence Stamp, Actor Who Played Superman Villain General Zod, Dies

His family confirmed his death, at age 87, to The New York Times. No place or cause of death was given.

Best known to millions as the fearsome General Zod in Superman (1978) and Superman II (1980), Stamp's career spanned six decades.

His chilling demand, "Kneel before Zod!" became a cult catchphrase and marked his early acclaim and later reinvention.

Born in London's East End in 1938, Stamp survived the Blitz as a child and launched his career after training at the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art.

He made an instant impact in his film debut, Billy Budd (1962), earning Oscar and BAFTA nominations.

By the mid-1960s, Stamp was a defining figure of Swinging London, starring opposite Julie Christie in Far from the Madding Crowd and winning Best Actor at Cannes for his haunting turn in The Collector (1965).

Equally at home in prestige dramas, cult classics and blockbusters, Stamp dazzled in films like The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert (1994), The Limey (1999), and Star Wars: The Phantom Menace (1999).

He was also an acclaimed writer and voice actor, lending gravitas to everything from video games to British jazz documentaries.

Stamp's personal life was as colorful as his filmography: he was a muse to photographers, a confidant to Michael Caine, and a fixture of London's swinging social scene.

He married once, to Elizabeth O'Rourke, and is survived by family including his brother, music impresario Chris Stamp.

Click here to follow Daily Voice Ridgefield Park-Hasbrouck Heights and receive free news updates.


16. ADB, WB to invest $12.5B in Asean grid

THE Asian Development Bank (ADB) and World Bank will invest $10 billion and $2.5 billion, respectively, to support the Asean Power Grid (APG) -- an initiative of Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) members to accelerate regional power connectivity through collaboration and innovative financing solutions.

The APG aims to connect the region, first on cross-border bilateral terms, gradually expand to subregional basis, and lead to a fully integrated Asean power grid system by the year 2045, as well as the fulfillment of the 2030 United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals.

The ADB and World Bank pledges were mentioned in a joint media statement from a virtual Ministerial Interface Meeting on Financial Mechanisms for the APG on Aug. 14, attended by officials from all Asean member states, with the support of the Asean Secretariat. Timor-Leste attended as an observer. The ADB, according to the statement, will invest "up to $10 billion of its own resources over the next decade in support of the APG, including cross-border interconnections and other APG-related investments (domestic grid strengthening and renewable energy for power export)." Meanwhile, the World Bank's $2.50-billion share will come from its "Accelerating Sustainable Energy Transition Multi-Phase Programmatic Approach" program, previously "approved in 2024, to ramp up renewable energy and promote power trade across the region." The meeting recognized "the shared benefits of multilateral power trade to all parties by accelerating Asean's energy transitions through investments in renewable energy projects, unlocking the region's abundant renewable energy potential and enhancing energy security." Also discussed were existing power interconnection projects, such as the Lao PDR-Thailand-Malaysia-Singapore Power Integration Project and the Brunei-Indonesia-Malaysia-Philippines Power Integration Project, as part of pursuing the APG.

The discussions likewise covered the upcoming signing of the enhanced APG Memorandum of Understanding and the endorsement of the Terms of Reference for the Subsea Power Cable Development Framework this year, for the APG's governance and operational framework.

The Asean Secretariat nd Asean Center for Energy were assigned to work closely with ADB and World Bank.

Get the latest news

delivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address, I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

The Asean Power Grid Financing Initiative-Working Group (APGF-WG) members, under the supervision of relevant Asean sectoral bodies, in particular the Senior Officials Meeting on Energy, Asean Finance and Central Bank Deputies' Meeting, and Senior Economic Officials' Meeting, will monitor and advance the implementation of the APGF in coordination with national and adopted regional frameworks.

The ministers looked forward to the official announcement of the APGF at the 43rd AMEM in October, as one of the Energy Annual Priorities for 2025 and a financing platform under the AEC agenda.


17. Putin agreed to let US, Europe offer NATO-style security protections for Ukraine, Trump envoy says

Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks during a working meeting to discuss the results of the Russia-US summit in Alaska at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025.

Russia's Vladimir Putin agreed at his summit with President Donald Trump to allow the United States and its European allies to offer Ukraine a security guarantee resembling NATO's collective defense mandate as part of an eventual deal to end the 3 1/2-year war in Ukraine, special U.S. envoy Steve Witkoff said Sunday.

"We were able to win the following concession: That the United States could offer Article 5-like protection, which is one of the real reasons why Ukraine wants to be in NATO," he told CNN's "State of the Union." He added that it "was the first time we had ever heard the Russians agree to that" and called them "game-changing."

Article 5, at the heart of the 32-member military alliance, states that an armed attack against one or more of the members shall be considered an attack against all members.

Witkoff, who had joined Secretary of State Marco Rubio for the talks Friday at a military base in Alaska, offered few details on how such an agreement would work. But it appeared to be a major shift for Putin and could serve as a workaround to his long-standing objection to Ukraine's potential NATO membership.

Outlining some of the details about the private discussions, Witkoff also said Russia had agreed to enact a law that it would not "go after any other European countries and violate their sovereignty. And there was plenty more."

European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, speaking at a news conference in Brussels with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, applauded the move. "We welcome President Trump's willingness to contribute to Article 5-like security guarantees for Ukraine and the 'Coalition of the willing' -- including the European Union -- is ready to do its share," she said.

Zelenskyy thanked the United States for recent signals that Washington was willing to support such guarantees, but that much was unclear.

"It is important that America agrees to work with Europe to provide security guarantees for Ukraine," he said, "But there are no details how it will work, and what America's role will be, Europe's role will be and what the EU can do, and this is our main task, we need security to work in practice like Article 5 of NATO, and we consider EU accession to be part of the security guarantees," he said.

Witkoff defended Trump's decision to abandon his push that Russian agree to an immediate ceasefire, which Trump had set as a benchmark going into the meeting. Witkoff said the Republican president had pivoted toward a peace deal because so much progress was made.

"We covered almost all the other issues necessary for a peace deal," Witkoff said, without elaborating. "We began to see some moderation in the way they're thinking about getting to a final peace deal."

RELATED STORY | Ukraine's Zelenskyy to meet Trump on Monday after US-Russia summit secured no halt to fighting

Rubio, who appeared on three Sunday news shows, said there was not going to be any kind of truce reached because Ukraine was not at the summit.

"Now, ultimately, if there isn't a peace agreement, if there isn't an end of this war, the president's been clear, there are going to be consequences," Rubio said on ABC's "This Week." "But we're trying to avoid that."

Rubio, who is also Trump's national security adviser, said he did not believe imposing new U.S. sanctions on Russia would force Putin to accept a ceasefire.

"The minute you issue new sanctions, your ability to get them to the table, our ability to get them to table will be severely diminished," Rubio told NBC's "Meet the Press."

He also said "we're not at the precipice of a peace agreement" and that getting there would not be easy and would take a lot of work.

"We made progress in the sense that we identified potential areas of agreement, but there remains some big areas of disagreement. So we're still a long ways off," Rubio said.

Zelenskyy and Europeans leaders, who heard from Trump after the summit, are scheduled to meet with him at the White House on Monday.

"I think everybody agreed that we had made progress. Maybe not enough for a peace deal, but we are on the path for the first time," Witkoff said.

He added: "The fundamental issue, which is some sort of land swap, which is obviously ultimately in the control of the Ukrainians -- that could not have been discussed at this meeting" with Putin. "We intend to discuss it on Monday. Hopefully we have some clarity on it and hopefully that ends up in a peace deal very, very soon."


18. Leach International Corporation Approves FDH Electronics Brand Stealth Aerospace as an Authorized Channel Partner for the Commercial Airline and MRO Markets

Commercial aviation industry to benefit from access to Leach's trusted product lines through a reliable, scaled and independent distribution partner

FDH Electronics & Leach Aerospace

Get the latest news

delivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address, I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

Stealth Aerospace, the aftermarket division of FDH Electronics, has been named an approved distribution channel by Leach International Corporation.

Advertisement

OKLAHOMA CITY, Aug. 17, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Oklahoma-based FDH Electronics, a unified FDH Aero division focused solely on serving the mil-aero market's electronic component needs, is pleased to announce that its aftermarket division, Stealth Aerospace, has been named as an approved distribution channel by Leach International Corporation to support commercial airline and MRO customers.

This strategic partnership builds on the companies' long-standing relationship and reinforces their shared commitment to deliver best-in-class service, product availability and technical support to the commercial aviation aftermarket sector.

Alon Glickstein, Vice President at FDH Electronics, commented: "We are incredibly proud to have established this partnership with Leach International. Their long-standing reputation for high-reliability products fits perfectly with our mission at FDH Electronics - to provide our customers with exceptional service, technical support, and inventory availability that meets their evolving needs."

Leach International, a leading manufacturer of advanced electrical switches, relays, and power distribution components for the aerospace and defense markets, sees this partnership as a key step toward strengthening its presence in the aftermarket segment.

Advertisement

Justin Coates, Vice President of Sales & Marketing at Leach International Corporation, added: "This agreement with FDH Electronics' Stealth Aerospace division ensures that Leach's products will be supported with an incredibly high level of service. Their proven performance in the aerospace aftermarket gives us full confidence that customers will benefit from rapid access to inventory, technical insight, and dedicated aftermarket expertise."

This announcement marks a new chapter in aftermarket excellence and provides the commercial aviation industry with access to Leach's trusted product lines through a specialized and reliable distribution partner.

About FDH Electronics

FDH Electronics is a global one-stop shop with one of the most expansive inventory levels in the industry, built on FDH Aero's industry-leading supply chain solutions. It supplies a variety of interconnect, wire and cable, and electromechanical components for the aerospace, defense, and space markets. FDH Electronics is your go-to resource for value-added connectors, 1553 Data Bus interconnect products, custom harnesses, high-performance aerospace-grade wire and cable, and high-frequency RF connectors. When you need critical interconnect or electromechanical components, you can rely on FDH Electronics to deliver.

Advertisement

To search by part number, please visit: Electronics.FDHAero.com.

Contact:

Heather Rosenow

Executive Vice President, Marketing & Communications

Advertisement

[email protected]

About Leach International Corporation

Leach International Corporation has been a leader in aerospace switching and control technology since 1919. Leach designs and manufactures high-reliability relays, contactors, and power distribution systems for aerospace, defense, and industrial applications.

Contact:

Advertisement

[email protected]

A photo accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/85fdf806-8a07-4466-99ae-06da85d15d66

Advertisement


19. Terence Stamp, Actor Who Played Superman Villain General Zod, Dies

His family confirmed his death, at age 87, to The New York Times. No place or cause of death was given.

Best known to millions as the fearsome General Zod in Superman (1978) and Superman II (1980), Stamp's career spanned six decades.

His chilling demand, "Kneel before Zod!" became a cult catchphrase and marked his early acclaim and later reinvention.

Born in London's East End in 1938, Stamp survived the Blitz as a child and launched his career after training at the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art.

He made an instant impact in his film debut, Billy Budd (1962), earning Oscar and BAFTA nominations.

By the mid-1960s, Stamp was a defining figure of Swinging London, starring opposite Julie Christie in Far from the Madding Crowd and winning Best Actor at Cannes for his haunting turn in The Collector (1965).

Equally at home in prestige dramas, cult classics and blockbusters, Stamp dazzled in films like The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert (1994), The Limey (1999), and Star Wars: The Phantom Menace (1999).

He was also an acclaimed writer and voice actor, lending gravitas to everything from video games to British jazz documentaries.

Stamp's personal life was as colorful as his filmography: he was a muse to photographers, a confidant to Michael Caine, and a fixture of London's swinging social scene.

He married once, to Elizabeth O'Rourke, and is survived by family including his brother, music impresario Chris Stamp.

Click here to follow Daily Voice Lyndhurst and receive free news updates.


20. 2 American Carnival Cruise passengers drown in separate incidents on same day

Two American Carnival Cruise Line passengers drowned in separate incidents in the Bahamas on Friday, according to officials.

The victims were identified as a 74-year-old woman and a 79-year-old man.

In a statement, Carnival said one victim drowned in a lagoon and the other drowned at the beach, both at Celebration Key, a private destination for Carnival guests on the south side of Grand Bahama. It includes a water park, a beach club, lagoons and restaurants.

"One guest was sailing with family on Mardi Gras and one guest was sailing with family on Carnival Elation," the cruise line said in the statement. "Our thoughts and prayers are with the guests and their families and our Care Team is providing assistance."

Police were notified about the first drowning just before noon, according to the Royal Bahamas Police Force. The officers found the 79-year-old man unresponsive aboard a commercial vessel.

"According to the initial report, the male became unresponsive while snorkeling at a beach," police said in a statement shared with NBC News. "A lifeguard assisted him from the water, and CPR was administered, but to no avail."

The man was pronounced dead by a doctor, police said.

Shortly after 2:30 p.m., officers found an unresponsive 74-year-old woman aboard another commercial vessel, according to police.

The woman became unresponsive while swimming in a pool, according to an initial report, police said. A lifeguard who assisted her out of the water administered CPR "to no avail," and she was pronounced dead.

"An autopsy will be performed on both victims to assist with determining the exact cause of death," police said. "The investigation continues in both matters."

Carnival and police did not identify either of the victims.


🇺🇸 USA MARKET NEWS
----------------------------------------

1. Republicans look to make a U-turn on federal commitment to electric vehicles for the Postal Service

WASHINGTON (AP) -- A year after being lauded for its plan to replace thousands of aging, gas-powered mail trucks with a mostly electric fleet, the U.S. Postal Service is facing congressional attempts to strip billions in federal EV funding.

In June, the Senate parliamentarian blocked a Republican proposal in a major tax-and-spending bill to sell off the agency's new electric vehicles and infrastructure and revoke remaining federal money. But efforts to halt the fleet's shift to clean energy continue in the name of cost savings.

Donald Maston, president of the National Rural Letter Carriers' Association, said canceling the program now would have the opposite effect, squandering millions of dollars.

"I think it would be shortsighted for Congress to now suddenly decide they're going to try to go backwards and take the money away for the EVs or stop that process because that's just going to be a bunch of money on infrastructure that's been wasted," he said.

Beyond that, many in the scientific community fear the government could pass on an opportunity to reduce carbon emissions that contribute to global warming when urgent action is needed.

A 2022 University of Michigan study found the new electric postal vehicles could cut total greenhouse gas emissions by up to 20 million tons over the predicted, cumulative 20-year lifetime of the trucks. That's a fraction of the more than 6,000 million metric tons emitted annually in the United States, said professor Gregory A. Keoleian, co-director of the university's Center for Sustainable Systems. But he said the push toward electric vehicles is critical and needs to accelerate, given the intensifying impacts of climate change.

"We're already falling short of goals for reducing emissions," Keoleian said. "We've been making progress, but the actions being taken or proposed will really reverse decarbonization progress that has been made to date."

Many GOP lawmakers share President Donald Trump's criticism of the Biden-era green energy push and say the Postal Service should stick to delivering mail.

Sen. Joni Ernst, R-Iowa, said "it didn't make sense for the Postal Service to invest so heavily in an all-electric force." She said she will pursue legislation to rescind what is left of the $3 billion from the Inflation Reduction Act allocated to help cover the $10 billion cost of new postal vehicles.

Ernst has called the EV initiative a "boondoggle" and "a textbook example of waste," citing delays, high costs and concerns over cold-weather performance.

"You always evaluate the programs, see if they are working. But the rate at which the company that's providing those vehicles is able to produce them, they are so far behind schedule, they will never be able to fulfill that contract," Ernst said during a recent appearance at the Iowa State Fair, referring to Wisconsin-based Oshkosh Defense.

"For now," she added, "gas-powered vehicles -- use some ethanol in them -- I think is wonderful."

Corn-based ethanol is a boon to Iowa's farmers, but the effort to reverse course has other Republican support.

Rep. Michael Cloud, R-Texas, a co-sponsor of the rollback effort, has said the EV order should be canceled because the project "has delivered nothing but delays, defective trucks, and skyrocketing costs."

The Postal Service maintains that the production delay of the Next Generation Delivery Vehicles, or NGDVs, was "very modest" and not unexpected.

"The production quantity ramp-up was planned for and intended to be very gradual in the early months to allow time for potential modest production or supplier issues to be successfully resolved," spokesperson Kim Frum said.

The independent, self-funded federal agency, which is paid for mostly by postage and product sales, is in the middle of a $40 billion, 10-year modernization and financial stabilization plan. The EV effort had the full backing of Democratic President Joe Biden, who pledged to move toward an all-electric federal fleet of car and trucks.

The "Deliver for America" plan calls for modernizing the ground fleet, notably the Grumman Long Life Vehicle, which dates back to 1987 and is fuel-inefficient at 9 mpg. The vehicles are well past their projected 24-year lifespan and are prone to breakdowns and even fires.

"Our mechanics are miracle workers," said Mark Dimondstein, president of the American Postal Workers Union. "The parts are not available. They fabricate them. They do the best they can."

The Postal Service announced in 2022 it would deploy at least 66,000 electric vehicles by 2028, including commercial off-the-shelf models, after years of deliberation and criticism, it was moving too slowly to reduce emissions. By 2024, the agency was awarded a Presidential Sustainability Award for its efforts to electrify the largest fleet in the federal government.

In 2021, Oshkosh Defense was awarded a contract for up to 165,000 battery electric and internal combustion engine Next Generation vehicles over 10 years.

The first of the odd-looking trucks, with hoods resembling a duck's bill, began service in Georgia last year. Designed for greater package capacity, the trucks are equipped with airbags, blind-spot monitoring, collision sensors, 360-degree cameras and antilock brakes.

There's also a new creature comfort: air conditioning.

Douglas Lape, special assistant to the president of the National Association of Letter Carriers and a former carrier, is among numerous postal employees who have had a say in the new design. He marvels at how Oshkosh designed and built a new vehicle, transforming an old North Carolina warehouse into a factory along the way.

"I was in that building when it was nothing but shelving," he said. "And now, being a completely functioning plant where everything is built in-house -- they press the bodies in there, they do all of the assembly -- it's really amazing in my opinion."

The agency has so far ordered 51,500 NGDVs, including 35,000 battery-powered vehicles. To date, it has received 300 battery vehicles and 1,000 gas-powered ones.

Former Postmaster General Louis DeJoy said in 2022 the agency expected to purchase chiefly zero-emissions delivery vehicles by 2026. It still needs some internal combustion engine vehicles that travel longer distances.

Frum, the Postal Service spokesperson, said the planned NGDV purchases were "carefully considered from a business perspective" and are being deployed to routes and facilities where they will save money.

The agency has also received more than 8,200 of 9,250 Ford E-Transit electric vehicles it has ordered, she said.

Ernst said it's fine for the Postal Service to use EVs already purchased.

"But you know what? We need to be smart about the way we are providing services through the federal government," she said. "And that was not a smart move."

Maxwell Woody, lead author of the University of Michigan study, made the opposite case.

Postal vehicles, he said, have low average speeds and a high number of stops and starts that enable regenerative braking. Routes average under 30 miles and are known in advance, making planning easier.

"It's the perfect application for an electric vehicle," he said, "and it's a particularly inefficient application for an internal combustion engine vehicle."


2. Trump Administration Takes Action on Secretive Flights Carrying Gazans to US Cities * 100PercentFedUp.com * by Joshua C.

There is now a 100% stop on all visas for those from Gaza for entry into the United States.

That is according to a State Department announcement while a "full and thorough review" of the process of vetting and issuing those visas moves forward.

Figurative red flags were thrown up by several Congressmen following the spread of viral videos on social media showing Gazans being flown in to several US cities -- on Qatari Airways aircraft.

Investigative journalist Laura Loomer initially publicized the videos, which went viral.

The popular X account 'DataRepublican' also pushed for the stoppage after digging into questionable connections by the founder of the group responsible for the flights.

In each case, the videos show Gazans deplaning at American airports, having been issued visas by the US State Department.

I want to point out up front that the visas were purportedly issued for medical purposes for a "small number" of children -- though that doesn't seem to be entirely accurate, as we'll get to in a moment.

Looking for answers after the US said no 'Palestinian' refugees would be brought to the US under the Trump Administration, Loomer pushed hard for a response from both Congress and Sec. of State Marco Rubio.

Here's a post that Loomer shared after the situation was initially addressed by the State Department. (I'm sharing this out-of-order because it summarizes better than anything else the bottom line of what's going on here, according to Loomer.):

As you may be aware, the Muslim Brotherhood's historic attempts to funnel money to it's proxy terror groups while funneling pro-Hamas PEOPLE into the United States is not a new thing.

According to Loomer, that's exactly what is happening in this situation.

Here's the initial post Loomer shared along with a video of multiple families from Gaza arriving at an airport terminal in San Francisco:

Here's the full screen version of that video for convenience:

And here is the full text of Loomer's post, questioning the approval of the visas and calling attention to the possibility of a security threat posed by the visa approvals:

EXCLUSIVE:

Despite the US saying we are not accepting Palestinian "refugees" into the United States under the Trump administration, I have obtained video footage of Palestinians who claim to be refugees from Gaza coming into the United States via San Francisco and Houston, Texas this month. The Palestinians traveled from Gaza to the US with the help of a group called "Heal Palestine".

How did Palestinians get Visas under the Trump administration to get into the United States? Did @StateDept approve this? How did they get out of Gaza? Is @SecRubio aware of this?

Who from the State Department is assisting "Heal Palestine"?

Why are any Islamic invaders coming into the US under the Trump admin?

Who approved the visas? How many more are being given visas to come into the US, and why are @GavinNewsom @GregAbbott_TX harboring Palestinian "refugees" in California and Texas?

This is a national security threat. We didn't vote for more Islamic immigration into the United States.

Who signed off on these visas? They should be fired.

Congressman Randy Fine, whom Loomer reached out to by phone after learning of the visas being issued, shared the State Department's announcement of the halt.

He also gave credit to Loomer for discovering the possible threat.

In his post, Congressman Fine claimed the Deep State was responsible for the visas being issued against President Trump's stated agenda.

I am looking forward to a future press conference from Marco Rubio substantiating that claim, if it's true.

One key to unravelling the almost IMMEDIATE response to this by the Trump Administration may have to do with the ties that HEAL Palestine -- the group bringing these Gazans over -- has to another group you may have heard of before.

The Holy Land Foundation was found to be funneling money (among other nefarious things) to groups like Hamas back in the day, with links to terrorism.

And HEAL Palestine's work bringing Gazans to the US has direct links to the now defunct Holy Land Foundation through one individual: Steve Sosebee.

Steve Sosebee is the FOUNDER of HEAL Palestine, but also has a history of networking similar organizations together -- which is what he did with The Holy Land Foundation. (You know... before the U.S. government outlawed it because of terror ties!)

That's all according to the research of DataRepublican as shared on X:

Here's the full text of that post, connecting those potentially dangerous dots in what is being publicly billed purely as medical visas for kids:

U.S. Nonprofit Once Tied to Hamas ... Back in Operation?

I'm making a separate post to explain why this is so serious:

Today, the arrival of Palestinian refugees in the United States made social media rounds, and it was discovered to be the efforts of an organization called Heal Palestine.

Heal Palestine is led by Steve Sosebee, the same individual who previously partnered with the now-dismantled Holy Land Foundation (HLF), a U.S.-based charity founded by the Muslim Brotherhood shut down after being convicted of funneling millions of dollars to Hamas.

Sosebee was part of HLF's fundraising operation.

His role: transport injured Palestinian children to the U.S. for care -- explicitly picked to elicit sympathy.

HLF's role: handle donor outreach, press, and scheduling.

The arrangement: HLF took 60% of the donations; Sosebee took 40%.

This was a coordinated financial pipeline to Hamas, a partnership between a U.S. nonprofit and the Muslim Brotherhood's American fundraising arm.

That was approximately twenty years ago and Sosebee somehow avoided DoJ scrutiny in the Holy Land Foundation case. And now the optics of these Palestinian refugees arriving in the USA are identical.

So, to whom is that 60% going to this time?

And surprise, surprise -- it turns out in spite of HEAL Palestine's stated purpose of bringing in CHILDREN...

They actually bring in far less children, and far more adults, according to this report from United Press International:

A review of medical-humanitarian visa processing temporarily has stopped the State Department from approving visitors' visas for Gazans as of Saturday.

The State Department announced the halt in visa processing for Gazans after podcaster Laura Loomer on Friday questioned flights that carry injured Gazans needing medical care into the United States, Politico reported on Saturday.

Neither the State Department nor Secretary of State Marco Rubio provided additional information regarding the decision.

The State Department's decision comes after the Trump administration in June increased its vetting of visa applicants to include social media posts and other online activities by respective applicants.

In the United States, Kent, Ohio-based non-profit HEAL Palestine is sponsoring the evacuation of injured Gazans to obtain medical care in the United States.

HEAL Palestine says it has evacuated 148 Gazans, including 63 children, and brought them to the United States for medical care.

The evacuees are being treated in locations across the nation, including Atlanta, Boston, San Antonio and Seattle and will return to Egypt upon completion of their medical care, the non-profit says.

HEAL Palestine was founded in 2024 and says it primarily helps children between ages 6 and 15, but its numbers show it has brought more adults to the United States than children. (Emphasis added.)

Here's another video that Loomer helped go viral with more Gazans landing in the US with those State Department issued visas that weren't SUPPOSED to be happening.

This one shows a similar situation as the one from San Francisco...

Except this time, the Qatari plane is dropping off Gazans in my home state of Texas, in Houston:

And here's the text from Loomer's message when she shared that video:

NEW:

Here is ANOTHER VIDEO of Palestinians from Gaza arriving in Texas this month.

These GAZANS were sent to Dallas and San Antonio.

In the video below, those GAZANS arrived in Houston.

Texas is being flooded with Palestinian from Gaza by

@healpalestine_ . The media wants you to believe these people have nothing, but look at how much luggage they have and how clean their clothes are.

If they are "sick", how were they healthy enough to fly on a plane for 22 hours?

Where did they get the luggage and clothes if they have "nothing".

Who issued these people visas?

If they have "nothing", how were they vetted?

Every single American needs to call their representative ASAP on Monday and demand that they tell @marcorubio and the Trump administration to ban all GAZANS from coming into the US.

Whoever issued visas for these people at the State Department should also be fired for creating a national security nightmare and Islamic terror threat. There needs to be an official investigation with all results released to the public.

Cc: @tedcruz @JohnCornyn @KenPaxtonTX @RepBrandonGill @chiproytx @SpeakerJohnson

On the heels of the visa stoppage, DataRepublican also uncovered some 'funny' money business.

Apparently, the HEAL Palestine charity operates under a tax declaration far beneath the threshold of funds it is actually laundering -- er... I mean "receiving". (Allegedly, of course.)

Here's the full post with the backstory on those 50K+ grants from DataRepublican:

Heal Palestine (the group who is posting about welcoming Gaza refugees) has EIN 882454707 and filed a 990N for the year 2023. Yet, 990Ns are for charities with revenues under 50K and I found multiple instances of 50K+ grants.

Heal Palestine's board is full of technocrats ... but perhaps most telling is that there is a Mohanned Awad on the board who is publicly declared as bringing "UAE connections to HEAL's Board."

Steve Sosebee, the founder of Heal Palestine, also founded the Palestine Children's Relief Fund (PCRF). They too got an enormous cash influx boost starting in 2023.

Meanwhile, I have to wonder if my recent story on the PAID PROSTESTORS the Dems are using to rile up problems for President Trump on the heels of his crime crackdown in DC is happening in this situation as well?

Here's my story on that from a few days ago:

"400% Increase" Reported by Company That Provides PAID PROTESTERS amid President Trump's DC Crackdown

Is that same thing happening on this issue as well?

There certainly are a LOT of protests suddenly springing up with tons of pro-Hamas and pro-Palestine participants...

And all right at the same time that President Trump has made clear that he agrees with Israel's intention to completely wipe Hamas out of the Gaza strip, according to the New York Post:

President Trump said Monday that Hamas cannot be allowed to stay in the Gaza Strip due to the horrors of the Oct. 7 terrorist attack -- as he weighs the risks of Israel's looming invasion further into the enclave.

While Trump stopped short of endorsing Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's plan to invade and occupy Gaza City, the president agreed that Hamas needed to be exiled from Gaza over the threat the terror group presents to the Jewish state.

"I have one thing to say: remember Oct.7, remember Oct. 7," Trump told Axios, invoking the infamous 2023 terror attack that killed more than 1,200 people in Israel and saw 250 others kidnapped.

Trump confirmed that he spoke with Netanyahu on Sunday to discuss the Jewish state's plan to invade Gaza City, with the US president agreeing that military might remains the best way forward to deal with Hamas.

Trump acknowledged fears that the operation could put the remaining 50 hostages in danger, but noted that it was always going to be "very rough to get them" out.

Despite the danger, Trump said he doesn't believe that Hamas would commit to freeing the captives given the last set of tense cease-fire talks referencing the pause in negotiations between the terror group and Israel.

"[Hamas] are not going to let the hostages out in the current situation," Trump said.

While the entire situation in Gaza tends to be one of the most polarizing and complicated scenarios on the planet at the moment...

There are a few things that aren't all that complicated.

For one, the Trump Administration promised no 'Palestinian' refugees coming to American soil.

Whether or not the visa issuance was a 'slip up' or something more sinister -- like the "Deep State actors" that Congressman Fine claimed is behind it... time will tell.

But another non-complicated part of all this is how quickly both President Trump and Sec. of State Marco Rubio responded to the possibility of a threat, and took action.

Maybe... there is no threat here?

But the possibility that one exists to the American homeland, and Americans here at home, should be enough to stop the conveyor belt and CHECK to FIND OUT!

And that's exactly what happened -- within HOURS.

Not bad for government work, as my Grandad would have said.

The jury is still out on exactly what is in play here, but that's the story as I understand it to this point.

We'll keep you updated when new information becomes available.


3. Israel says targeted Huthi energy site in Yemen

A military statement said Israeli forces "struck... deep inside Yemen, targeting an energy infrastructure site that served the Huthi terrorist regime" in the area of the rebel-held capital, without naming the site.

The Huthis' Al-Masirah TV, citing a civil defence source, reported "an aggression targeting the Haziz power station" south of the city.

A photographer working with AFP reported significant damage at the site.

An employee of the power station told AFP that "two aggressive strikes by the Israeli enemy" hit the site in the early morning, but there were no casualties.

Since the October 2023 start of the Israel-Hamas war in the Gaza Strip, the Huthis have repeatedly fired missiles and drones at Israel, claiming to be acting in solidarity with the Palestinians.

Most Huthi attacks have been intercepted, but have prompted Israeli air strikes on rebel targets in Yemen.

The military said its latest "strikes were conducted in response to repeated attacks" by the Huthis.

On Sunday afternoon, the Israeli military said it intercepted another missile fired from Yemen, after sirens went off in several regions.

Defence Minister Israel Katz said in a post on X that the Huthis would "pay with compound interest for every attempt to fire at Israel" and that Israel was "imposing an air and sea blockade" on the group.

In June, Katz threatened a blockade, without any notable follow up.

Beyond attacks on Israel, the Huthis have also targeted ships they say are Israeli-linked in the Red Sea and Gulf of Aden off Yemen.

The Iran-backed group broadened its campaign to target ships tied to the United States and Britain after the two countries began military strikes aimed at securing the waterway in January 2024.

In May, the rebels cemented a ceasefire with the United States that ended weeks of intense US strikes, but vowed to continue targeting Israeli ships.


4. US says Russia agrees to US, European security guarantees for Ukraine

Russia has agreed to allow the United States and European allies to provide NATO-like security guarantees to Ukraine, US Special Envoy Steve Witkoff told CNN on Sunday.

He said the United States was able to get Russia to agree to the US providing Ukraine with NATO-type protection as outlined in Article 5, which says that an attack on one member is considered an attack on all.

"We moved the Russians significantly past where we thought they were going to end up," Witkoff said.

He said the US "is potentially prepared to be able to give Article 5 security guarantees, but not from NATO, directly from the United States and other European countries. That is big. I mean, really big."

For Russian President Vladimir Putin, Ukraine's NATO membership is non-negotiable.

Witkoff was at the Friday meeting with Trump and Putin in Alaska along with US Secretary of State Marco Rubio and two Russian advisers

Witkoff made similar comments in an interview on Sunday with Fox News, when he said that the security guarantees would not involve NATO as a whole in the event of a defence situation. Instead, the United States and European countries would ensure Ukraine's security

Details of the proposal remain unclear

Witkoff did not elaborate further on the details. He stated that Ukraine and its European allies have already been informed of the proposal, according to CNN.

Witkoff also noted that Russia has expressed its intention to commit, as part of a peace agreement, to refrain from occupying further territories in Ukraine. Additionally, Russia has pledged not to cross European borders, he said on Fox News.

Speaking to CNN, Witkoff emphasized that Russia is showing movement in the negotiations for the first time and is willing to make concessions. "Now we need to build on this and achieve an agreement for the Ukrainians that ensures their self-determination and the protection of their sovereign borders."


5. The U.S. Message To Australia And Japan

Forbes contributors publish independent expert analyses and insights.

The United States is, not surprisingly, concerned about alliance burden-sharing and security commitments, recently focusing on Australia and Japan and their respective views toward Taiwan. U.S. Undersecretary of Defense Elbridge Colby has raised this issue in conversations with Australian and Japanese leadership, asking these two U.S. allies to clarify their security commitments to Taiwan in the event of a mainland Chinese attack. The U.S. itself has long maintained a posture of "strategic ambiguity," deliberately avoiding specifics about its potential response to such a scenario.

Colby's initiative aimed to signal regional unity in the U.S. effort to preserve the status quo between Taiwan and the mainland. It also carried a practical appeal: encouraging U.S. allies to strengthen their defense capabilities.

Burden-sharing remains a perennial challenge in alliances, driven by the natural temptation for partners to save on defense expenditures and, relatively speaking, benefit from the U.S. defense budget. Partners tend to underinvest in their own defense, relying on the U.S. security umbrella.

Here lies the paradox: neither Japan nor Australia can independently defend Taiwan. Only the United States possesses the military capacity -- and therefore the credibility -- to deter the People's Republic of China. Only the U.S. can impose long-term costs on China.

Whether Australia or Japan increases or decreases its defense spending, the sole indispensable component of deterrence remains U.S. credibility.

Japan knows this. Australia knows this. The U.S. knows this. Most importantly, China knows this.

So why would Japan or Australia seek to strengthen their security commitments to Taiwan when doing so offers no meaningful advantage to Taiwan but risks provoking China?

While Colby's outreach stirred debate in both countries, officials reiterated their positions of not formalizing any commitment to a hypothetical conflict. Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese stated that Australia would not commit troops in advance to any conflict. That ambiguity reflects a desire to maintain strategic flexibility and avoid premature entanglement in a potential war.

This conversation unfolds at a moment when the Trump administration is challenging or reshaping long-held positions and procedures in the Asia-Pacific and beyond. As Trump imposes higher tariffs on both Australia and Japan, the U.S. signals a shift away from its traditional role in alliance leadership and regional problem-solving -- making itself a less attractive partner by reducing predictability and increasing the cost of engagement.

Much of what the U.S. is attempting in its trade relationship with Australia is viewed as unnecessary, counterproductive, or even in bad faith. The U.S. has a Free Trade Agreement with Australia that eliminates tariffs on nearly all bilateral trade. In fact, the U.S. currently enjoys a trade surplus with Australia -- one of Trump's stated trade goals.

Rather than leading with a call for increased commitment to Taiwan, the U.S. could have pursued a less controversial approach: encouraging Japan and Australia to expand joint military exercises, enhance maritime surveillance, or simply boost defense spending without direct reference to China. By centering its request on Taiwan, the U.S. chose the approach least likely to elicit a positive response from its allies.

The Trump administration's outreach to Japan and Australia appears to have resulted in diminished confidence in the U.S. and reduced credibility regarding Taiwan. The paradox is that the U.S. may still see incremental increases in both countries' defense budgets in the coming years -- but driven by concern about the U.S., not concern about China.


6. EU push to protect digital rules holds up trade statement with US, FT reports

THE European Union is trying to prevent the United States from targeting the bloc's digital rules as both sides work through the final details of a delayed statement to formalize a trade deal reached last month, the Financial Times reported on Sunday.

EU officials said disagreements over language relating to "nontariff barriers," which the US said included the digital rules, were among the reasons for the hold-up of the statement, the newspaper said.

Reuters could not immediately verify the report. The European Union, the White House and the State Department did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

The statement had originally been expected days after the July announcement by EU President Ursula von der Leyen and US President Donald Trump, according to FT.

The July deal imposed a 15-percent import tariff on most EU goods -- half the initially threatened rate -- and helped avert a broader trade war between the two allies, who together account for nearly a third of global trade.

Get the latest news

delivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address, I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

The US wanted to keep the door open for possible concessions on the EU's Digital Services Act (DSA), which Washington says stifles free speech and imposes costs on US tech companies, according to FT, which added that the commission has said that relaxing these rules is a red line.

The EU's DSA is a landmark law meant to make the online environment safer and fairer by compelling tech giants to do more to tackle illegal content, including hate speech and child sexual abuse material.

Advertisement

The commission had anticipated that Trump would sign an executive order by Aug. 15 to cut tariffs on EU car exports to the US from 27.5 percent to 15 percent. However, a US official signaled that this would be delayed until the joint statement was finalized, according to FT.


7. Putin agreed to let US, Europe offer NATO-style security protections for Ukraine, Trump envoy says

Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks during a working meeting to discuss the results of the Russia-US summit in Alaska at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025.

Russia's Vladimir Putin agreed at his summit with President Donald Trump to allow the United States and its European allies to offer Ukraine a security guarantee resembling NATO's collective defense mandate as part of an eventual deal to end the 3 1/2-year war in Ukraine, special U.S. envoy Steve Witkoff said Sunday.

"We were able to win the following concession: That the United States could offer Article 5-like protection, which is one of the real reasons why Ukraine wants to be in NATO," he told CNN's "State of the Union." He added that it "was the first time we had ever heard the Russians agree to that" and called them "game-changing."

Article 5, at the heart of the 32-member military alliance, states that an armed attack against one or more of the members shall be considered an attack against all members.

Witkoff, who had joined Secretary of State Marco Rubio for the talks Friday at a military base in Alaska, offered few details on how such an agreement would work. But it appeared to be a major shift for Putin and could serve as a workaround to his long-standing objection to Ukraine's potential NATO membership.

Outlining some of the details about the private discussions, Witkoff also said Russia had agreed to enact a law that it would not "go after any other European countries and violate their sovereignty. And there was plenty more."

European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, speaking at a news conference in Brussels with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, applauded the move. "We welcome President Trump's willingness to contribute to Article 5-like security guarantees for Ukraine and the 'Coalition of the willing' -- including the European Union -- is ready to do its share," she said.

Zelenskyy thanked the United States for recent signals that Washington was willing to support such guarantees, but that much was unclear.

"It is important that America agrees to work with Europe to provide security guarantees for Ukraine," he said, "But there are no details how it will work, and what America's role will be, Europe's role will be and what the EU can do, and this is our main task, we need security to work in practice like Article 5 of NATO, and we consider EU accession to be part of the security guarantees," he said.

Witkoff defended Trump's decision to abandon his push that Russian agree to an immediate ceasefire, which Trump had set as a benchmark going into the meeting. Witkoff said the Republican president had pivoted toward a peace deal because so much progress was made.

"We covered almost all the other issues necessary for a peace deal," Witkoff said, without elaborating. "We began to see some moderation in the way they're thinking about getting to a final peace deal."

RELATED STORY | Ukraine's Zelenskyy to meet Trump on Monday after US-Russia summit secured no halt to fighting

Rubio, who appeared on three Sunday news shows, said there was not going to be any kind of truce reached because Ukraine was not at the summit.

"Now, ultimately, if there isn't a peace agreement, if there isn't an end of this war, the president's been clear, there are going to be consequences," Rubio said on ABC's "This Week." "But we're trying to avoid that."

Rubio, who is also Trump's national security adviser, said he did not believe imposing new U.S. sanctions on Russia would force Putin to accept a ceasefire.

"The minute you issue new sanctions, your ability to get them to the table, our ability to get them to table will be severely diminished," Rubio told NBC's "Meet the Press."

He also said "we're not at the precipice of a peace agreement" and that getting there would not be easy and would take a lot of work.

"We made progress in the sense that we identified potential areas of agreement, but there remains some big areas of disagreement. So we're still a long ways off," Rubio said.

Zelenskyy and Europeans leaders, who heard from Trump after the summit, are scheduled to meet with him at the White House on Monday.

"I think everybody agreed that we had made progress. Maybe not enough for a peace deal, but we are on the path for the first time," Witkoff said.

He added: "The fundamental issue, which is some sort of land swap, which is obviously ultimately in the control of the Ukrainians -- that could not have been discussed at this meeting" with Putin. "We intend to discuss it on Monday. Hopefully we have some clarity on it and hopefully that ends up in a peace deal very, very soon."


8. Fugitive memory - BusinessWorld Online

On Aug. 17, in Indonesia, the government of President Prabowo Subianto postponed the release of a 10-volume "official history." A good number of historians and activists pushed back against this history-writing project which they think will gloss over the memory of atrocities and further historical amnesia.

To several generations of activists, Indonesia has not acknowledged the 1965 murder of an estimated million-plus alleged Leftists when General Suharto took over from President Sukarno. Yet the numbers are staggering: some estimates go as high 3 million killed in cold blood. The anti-communist purge was widely known to have been supported by the United States and the United Kingdom, and halted Indonesia's momentum towards non-aligned status during the Cold War.

Historical amnesia -- a collective forgetting by deliberate means or simple human neurological inclination -- is the shadow side of identity. But it's complicated.

MEDIATED REALITY

In the film Hiroshima mon amour (1959), the French New Wave director Alain Resnais worked with a script by the esteemed Margueritte Duras about a 24-hour love affair. The story is told in flashbacks, as though those sudden recollections fired up during intense experiences.

The woman, an unnamed French actress, recalls the immediate aftermath of the hydrogen bomb detonation over Hiroshima. The man, a Japanese architect, actually lost family during that doomsday. But, fighting with the Japanese Army, he was not witness to the horror.

He tells the woman she knows nothing of the day. Her flashbacks are from film footage, newsreels stories, and broadsheets. She was in Hiroshima to film an aftermath documentary.

He, too, knows nothing of the bomb blast. His flashbacks also draw from mediated reality, fixating as he does on the name of woman's birthplace, Nevers. He knows nothing of Nevers except for the alluring name. She does not wish to ever go back there.

Both have 2, 3, hand memory of the day. The reality of doomsday filters through film, newsprint, oral accounts, and delirious meanderings of the mind.

LITTLE BOY AND THE CRANE

Seventy years ago, on Aug. 6, 1945, the United States dropped the bomb named Little Boy on Hiroshima, Japan, from the B-29 aircraft named after the pilot's mother, Enola Gay. Some 70,000 to 100,000 people died immediately in the apocalyptic light. Except for 10% of this number, the dead were all civilians. The toll increased to 135,000 to 237,000 in the ensuing months.

Only 14 years after the city's destruction, Hiroshima mon amour already understood the malleability and media-layered qualities of memory. Today, at a remove of seven decades, recollection of this doomsday for most people alive today is necessarily splintered. Except for the handful of survivors -- who continue to talk about the event and appeal for an end to nuclear proliferation -- the raw experience is inaccessible.

Inaccessible and hence forgettable. Hardly anyone in the world right now remembers, or can imagine, the scale and cruelty of the destruction. Perhaps the movie Oppenheimer will take over the memory for the English-speaking world. The 21 Century narration of the Manhattan Project that created Little Boy and Fat Man (dropped in Nagasaki) is filtered through an angst-ridden American lens.

Japanese recollection communicates through small origami cranes made by children to evoke a child victim whose death by blast-triggered leukemia came after she made 1,000 of these poignant paper birds. The memory of doom filters through a deliberately peaceful state of mind.

This remembrance-as-a-crane is pervaded by a will to peace for humanity. The Manhattan Project recollection is pervaded by the heroic figure of a singular tormented genius.

Seems memory can hardly be the same.

ANOTHER 100,000

By Aug. 6, 1945, it had been five months since the end of the Battle of Manila. The event is institutionally recalled with capitals "B" and "M" because the magnitude of devastation needs, up to the present, exclamation. About as many civilians died in Manila as in Hiroshima: 100,000 people. It is a figure unremarked in world history.

The survivors of the Battle of Manila do not recall "Japanese time" (1942 to 1945) through a veil of peace. In the Philippines, largely oral accounts pass on details of torture conducted house to house in the Manila districts of Ermita and Malate, by the trapped Japanese soldiers. Curiously, few Filipinos recall deaths by American bombardment.

Selective memory operates on widely accepted narratives in given populations. To Filipinos generally, the Japanese were occupiers and the Americans were liberators. The former, unwanted and cruel; the latter, dearly awaited. This dualism framed the passage of war stories to the next generations of Filipinos, until it dissipated in recent decades among kids who took to Japanese anime big time. In time, therefore, war and Japan conflated into beautifully choreographed spectacles of carnage. Extremely alluring.

Whatever recollection of the last days of the Second World War remains -- mainly held by Boomers born within a decade of Manila's destruction -- now seems impossible to sustain. Memory becomes fugitive wherever lived experience is sheathed in powerful new stories.

And as for the American dimensions of the Battle of Manila, the old comic books and the recent films, Avengers and the Justice League of America, have made slick work of dissolving possibilities of auditing the aerial attacks, including carpet bombing, that reduced one of Asia's most beautiful cities into bloodied, concrete chaos in 1945.

Filipino National Artist for Literature Nick Joaquin wrote the lines for a plaque, called Memorare, to voice his generation's prayer. "Let this monument be the gravestone for each and every one of the over 100,000 men, women, children, and infants killed in Manila during its battle of liberation, 3 February -- 3 March 1945. We have not forgotten them, nor shall we ever forget." And yet they are forgotten, the plaque known to very few, mostly descendants of victims.

ABOUT THE 6,000,000

By Aug. 6, 1945, Berlin was at the tail end of the Potsdam Conference, which at this point was finalizing dividing Germany and jointly supervising the destroyed Berlin by a council of the Allied powers: the Soviet Union, the United States, France, and the United Kingdom. The main actors at Potsdam were talking about the detonation of the H-bomb over Hiroshima. They detonated their own, so to speak, by the complete legal annihilation of Nazi Germany.

In the case of the postwar Federal Republic of Germany, forgetting the Nazi past and the Holocaust was entirely out of the question. West Germany institutionalized a never-forget-never-again agenda that literally pounded contrition for Nazi debauchery -- the systematic killing of 6 million Jews -- into Germany's collective conscience for several generations, through the educational, political, and cultural systems of the postwar FRG, the Bundesrepublik Deutschland, and East Germany before reunification, which condemned Nazi organizations and whose state doctrine often brought their crimes to public discussion. But for both East and West Germany, and reunified Germany, it was not to take more than a few decades after 1945 for Neo-Nazis to emerge from the cracks of the Cold War political surfaces.

The question that is begged is actually more complicated than: What does it really take to ensure that the raw stories of horrific events do not slip under all kinds of screens and veils and spins? The answer -- raw stories are only survivors', no one else's -- takes two seconds to become self-evident.

But here's the truly thorny issue: if one retelling is as truthful as another retelling, given the good faith of the teller (however misguided), and if indeed the mediation of raw experience is inevitable, then how is Never Again possible?

COHERENCE AND DOOM

A shared moral compass is first to come to mind as necessary in absolute terms. With it, commonly held stories and beliefs stabilize the adherents; more importantly, allow different versions of stories to cohere anyway by pointing to a single true north. In this the 21 Century, the compass may not have to be a Christian nor Islamic nor Taoist nor Hindu nor Humanist compass, but a compass nonetheless that is under construction in response to the arrival of machine intelligence.

Whatever shape it might take, lessons from the last 70 years oblige human beings to allow for narrative differences, no matter how wildly disparate -- as Hiroshima mon amour described in the mid-20 Century -- so long as coherence is possible against total annihilation.

Marian Pastor Roces is an independent curator and critic of institutions. Her body of work addresses the intersection of culture and politics.


9. Air Canada flight attendants on strike, China's new tariff and higher prices for weight-loss drugs in Canada: Must-read business and investing stories

Getting caught up on a week that got away? Here's your weekly digest of The Globe's most essential business and investing stories, with insights and analysis from the pros, stock tips, portfolio strategies and more.

Air Canada's flight attendants followed through on their threat to walk off the job early Saturday, in a bitter contract dispute between the carrier and its employees that has already led to hundreds of cancelled flights. The airline wound down operations earlier this week in anticipation of the strike. Early Saturday morning, the carrier posted a media release that it suspended all operations of Air Canada and Air Canada Rouge.

Air Canada said it will resume service Sunday after Federal Jobs Minister Patty Hajdu ordered binding arbitration to put an end to the strike. However, the union said in a statement it would defy the back-to-work order.

"We remain on strike. We demand a fair, negotiated contract and to be compensated for all hours worked," the statement read.

The complete shutdown of Air Canada and Air Canada Rouge operations is estimated to affect about 130,000 passengers' travel plans daily. Mariya Postelnyak spoke to travellers who are watching their plans unravel.

On Tuesday, China announced 75.8-per-cent duties on Canadian canola seed. Beijing unveiled the preliminary duty toward the end of a one-year anti-dumping probe, which began after Canada imposed high tariffs on Chinese-made electric vehicles. China's Ministry of Commerce argues that Canada's canola sector has benefited from extensive government subsidies and preferential policies that distort markets. Many in Canada's canola industry, however, say China's action is instead a political response to Canadian tariffs in other sectors.

Ottawa - which is now facing a growing trade war on two fronts, with both the U.S. and China - has said it will hold off on making concessions until it knows Beijing will respond in kind. But, as Kate Helmore reports, politicians and industry representatives in Western Canada, the heart of the country's canola industry, said a forceful response is needed to resolve the trade dispute and provide financial aid to the industry. Beijing's announcement caused prices to drop $1 per bushel in Canada's $44-billion industry just weeks before harvest. This will cost the 40,000 canola farmers across the country tens of thousands of dollars each.

Producers in the U.S. raised their prices at the fastest pace in three years as companies grapple with new costs from President Donald Trump's tariffs. The Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that the producer price index, or PPI, rose 0.9 per cent in July from the month before, more than three times faster than expected, and the largest monthly increase since March, 2022.

Wholesale inflation is in a sign that import taxes are pushing up prices for domestic producers, and economists warn higher consumer prices could be next. The PPI came in hotter than the consumer price index numbers released by the labour department earlier this week. Jason Kirby takes a closer look at the latest data in this week's Decoder series.

U.S. drugmaker Eli Lilly & Co. has increased prices of its popular diabetes and anti-obesity drug Mounjaro in Canada, responding to pressure from the Trump administration to lower prices in the United States and raise them elsewhere. The company also announced it is sharply raising prices in Britain to match those in other European markets.

Chris Hannay reports that the moves make the company one of the most high-profile so far to respond to Mr. Trump's direction to rebalance global drug prices. Two weeks ago, he sent letters to 17 drug companies - including Lilly - telling them to increase prices in non-U.S. markets to make up for lower revenue in the U.S. The administration has also launched a national-security investigation of the sector that could lead to tariffs, which Mr. Trump has mused could be as high as 200 per cent.

Zahra Khozema recently asked ChatGPT to predict her retirement. The personal finance writer, who often talks to Gen Zs and millennials about money habits, found herself worrying about whether her retirement plans were realistic after she was laid off. She writes that she found herself comparing herself to others, and wanted the chatbot to help calm her financial anxiety. It worked: "ChatGPT created a starting point. It was like holding up a mirror and being told, gently, that maybe I'm not failing," she writes in a recent feature.

More Canadians are turning to artificial intelligence for financial advice - from setting household budgets to boosting their financial literacy - but how reliable are the answers? We posed some common personal finance questions to ChatGPT, then asked human personal finance experts to weigh in. Here's what we found.


10. Pakistan defended sovereignty with courage, wisdom, unity: Gilani

Senate Chairman Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani has said that Pakistan successfully defended its sovereignty with courage, wisdom, and national unity, while earning international recognition for its military and diplomatic achievements.

He was addressing a seminar titled "Global Impacts of Pakistan's Military and Diplomatic Victories over India" organized by the Waris Mir Foundation at Aiwan-e-Iqbal here on Sunday.

He said India's false propaganda regarding the Pahalgam incident had been fully exposed before the world, adding that Pakistan not only defended itself but also exercised restraint to prevent further escalation. He praised the Pakistan Armed Forces and Chief of Army Staff Field Marshal General Syed Asim Munir for demonstrating outstanding professional capability and preparedness.

The Chairman Senate noted that in the interest of peace, Pakistan had offered dialogue and impartial investigations to India. He said parliament, through unanimous resolutions, extended full support to the Armed Forces and reinforced the national stance. He also highlighted the success of global parliamentary outreach led by Foreign Minister Bilawal Bhutto Zardari.

Gilani appreciated the role of media in countering Indian propaganda and presenting facts to the international community. He said that brotherly Islamic countries, along with China, the UK, the European Union, and the United States, extended their support to Pakistan. Referring to international engagement, he said that positive statements by US President Donald Trump signaled a new era in Pakistan-US relations.

He further stated that Pakistan's election as a member of the UN Security Council was proof of global confidence in the country. Stressing the importance of peace and stability as the foundation of prosperity, Gilani said that economic indicators were pointing towards improvement.

Announcing upcoming parliamentary initiatives, the Chairman Senate said Pakistan would host the Inter-Parliamentary Speakers Conference in Islamabad in November 2025, with the participation of more than 45 parliamentary speakers and international leaders.

"Democracy, justice, and the rule of law are the guarantees of sustainable peace," he said .

He paid tribute to renowned journalist late Professor Waris Mir for his services for the nation.

Earlier, Federal Interior Minister Syed Mohsin Naqvi and Speaker Punjab Assembly Malik Muhammad Ahmad Khan also spoke to the seminar.


💰 FINANCIAL SECTOR UPDATES
----------------------------------------

1. [Finlight] Could Bitcoin Really Hit $280,000 in 2025? This Legendary Trader Thinks So

Renowned trader Peter Brandt has backed a Bitcoin (CRYPTO: BTC) price prediction chart that suggests the cryptocurrency could reach a staggering $280,000 by the end of 2025.
What Happened: Brandt endorsed a Bitcoin cycle chart that aligns the four major Bitcoin cycles since 2011. The chart predicts that Bitcoin could hit its peak somewhere between September and December 2025.
The chart also hints at a price range of $150,000-$180,000 during a mid-channel run. However, if the pattern mirrors previous cycles and reaches the upper red line, the price could skyrocket to around $250,000-$280,000.
Brandt’s support of the chart adds weight to the prediction, considering his vast experience in market forecasting. 

The chart also displays a trend of diminishing returns with each cycle, implying that the rise may be less steep this time.
Also Read: Bitcoin Could Explode to $136,000 if This Happens, Says Analytics Firm
If Bitcoin continues to adhere to these patterns, the next 12-15 months could witness a new all-time high, even if the percentage gain is not as substantial as in previous years.
Why It Matters: The report also brings up the possibility of new factors such as ETF flows, interest rates, and global liquidity potentially modifying this timeline. 
These elements could introduce a level of unpredictability to the market, potentially disrupting the projected timeline and price points. 
As such, while the chart and Brandt’s endorsement provide a possible trajectory for Bitcoin, investors should be aware that the cryptocurrency market’s volatility could lead to different outcomes.

Decade-Old Bitcoin Whale Emerges, Transfers $207.51 Million BTC With Nearly 112,000% Profit
Image: Shutterstock/Shutterstock AI


2. [Finlight] Israeli plan to displace 1m Palestinians spreads fear in Gaza

Palestinians were gripped by fear and anxiety on Sunday after the Israeli military said it was preparing for the forcible displacement of 1 million people from Gaza City.

The announcement came days after Israel said it intended to launch a new offensive to seize control of the enclave’s largest urban centre, in a plan that raised international alarm, and ahead of the IDF’s latest attacks in the Palestinian territory which Gaza’s health officials said had killed at least 40 people on Saturday including a baby in a tent and people seeking aid.

“Based on the directives of the political leadership, and as part of the Israel Defense Forces’ preparations to transfer civilians from combat zones to the southern Gaza Strip for their safety, starting tomorrow (Sunday), the provision of tents and shelter equipment for Gaza residents will resume,” read a statement by the Israeli Coordination of Government Activities in the Palestinian Territories (COGAT).

“The equipment will be transferred through the Kerem Shalom crossing by the United Nations and international relief organizations, after undergoing thorough inspection by the Land Crossings Authority of the Ministry of Defense,” it added.

Meanwhile, new recordings broadcast by an Israeli TV station showed the Israeli general who headed military intelligence on 7 October 2023 saying that 50 Palestinians “must die” for every person killed that day, and “it does not matter now if they are children”. The channel said the undated conversations were recorded “in recent months”.

And in the US the state department announced that it would stop issuing visas to children from Gaza in desperate need of medical care after an online pressure campaign from Laura Loomer, a far-right influencer close to Donald Trump who has described herself as “a proud Islamophobe”.

View image in fullscreen A Palestinian woman, displaced by the Israeli offensive, shelters in a tent camp in Gaza City. Photograph: Dawoud Abu Alkas/Reuters

Following Israel’s announcement, Palestinians in Gaza – displaced repeatedly, forced to live in tent camps or amid the ruins of their homes, stricken by hunger and deprived of medical supplies – are bracing for another humanitarian disaster as a new offensive would force them toward the south of the territory and an uncertain future.

“We are already destroyed and exhausted, physically and psychologically, from repeated displacement, from the lack of food and water,” Akram Shlabia, 85, told the Guardian from the Shuja’iyya neighbourhood of Gaza City. “And now they want us to go to the south! Into nothingness, into the unknown, into a place without shelter or the basic means of life, even safety.”

“We will face many problems in displacement,” said Mazen Hasaneh, 40, from al-Tuffah neighbourhood, who has been displaced six times during the war. “First, securing a way to transport the necessary items like a tent and other basics, and of course many drivers will exploit people’s desperation and raise prices, while people have no money to pay.

“The second problem is finding a place to set up the tent and settle, along with the difficulty of finding and providing water and food. Everything about displacement is suffering, especially in our current conditions.”

Some families have already begun moving south to secure shelter in anticipation of possible evacuation, while others are contacting relatives to ask about available space should the relocation plan proceed. Yet many say they will remain in Gaza City, declaring they would rather stay than face the hardships of displacement.

“If the plan is carried out, I will look for a safe place for myself and my children within Gaza, and I will not consider moving to the south of the Strip,” said Asma Al-Barawi, 34, from al-Tuffah, the mother of seven children. “I didn’t leave the first time, and I won’t leave this time. The experiences and suffering I heard from the displaced who went south were harsh and unbearable.”

“I lost everything because of this war,” she added. “I lost two of my brothers, two of my maternal aunts with their families, my cousin, and my father-in-law. And, I lost my new home, which I only left with some clothes.”

In recent days, heavy explosions have echoed from areas east of Gaza, where Israeli forces have intensified operations, including artillery barrages and the start of an incursion on the outskirts of the Sabra neighbourhood.

On Saturday a baby girl and her parents were killed when an Israeli airstrike hit a tent in al-Muwasi, previously designated a humanitarian zone by Israel, in southern Gaza, Nasser hospital officials and witnesses said.

“Two and a half months old, what has she done?” a neighbour, Fathi Shubeir, asked. “They are civilians in an area designated safe.”

Israel’s military said it could not comment on the strike without more details.

View image in fullscreen Displaced Palestinians make their way towards the site of a humanitarian aid airdrop at the Bureij camp in Gaza on Sunday. Photograph: Eyad Baba/AFP/Getty Images

Al-Muwasi is now one of the most heavily populated areas in Gaza after Israel pushed people into the desolate area. But the prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, said last week that Israel planned to widen its coming military offensive to include the area, along with Gaza City and “central camps” – an apparent reference to the built-up Nuseirat and Bureij refugee camps in central Gaza.

According to the civil defence agency, at least 13 of the Palestinians killed on Saturday were shot by troops as they were waiting to collect food aid near distribution sites in the north and the south.

There were also another 11 malnutrition-related deaths in Gaza over the past 24 hours, the health ministry said on Saturday, including at least one child. That brought malnutrition-related deaths due to the Israeli blockade on aid to 251.

Meanwhile in Israel police blasted crowds with water cannons and made dozens of arrests on Sunday as thousands of protesters in Jerusalem demanded a deal to free hostages in Gaza. The demonstrators aimed to shut down the country with a one-day strike that blocked roads and closed businesses.

Groups representing families of hostages organised the demonstrations as frustration grows in Israel over plans for the new military offensive, which many fear could further endanger the remaining hostages, about 20 of whom are believed to still be alive.

“We don’t win a war over the bodies of hostages,” protesters chanted in one of the largest and fiercest protests in 22 months of war.

Protesters gathered at dozens of places including outside politicians’ homes, military headquarters and on major highways. They blocked lanes and lit bonfires. Police said they arrested 38 people.

Israel’s military offensive has killed at least 61,000 Palestinians, according to Gaza’s health ministry, most of them civilians. The figure does not include the thousands believed to be buried under rubble or the thousands killed indirectly as a consequence of the war.


3. [Finlight] Mark Zuckerberg Once Admitted He Made An Early Mistake That Cost Him Billions, But Then Said It's Fine: Here's Why

The Meta Platforms, Inc. CEO Mark Zuckerberg once reflected on one of the most pivotal — and costly — missteps in Facebook's early history during a candid talk at Y Combinator's Startup School.
A Costly Lesson In The Early Days of Facebook
In a 2013 Y Combinator Startup School talk, Zuckerberg said that an early misstep in handling his partnership with fellow Facebook co-founder Eduardo Saverin probably cost him billions of dollars, but he learned from it and pushed forward.
Saverin, who served as Facebook's first CFO, was part of the founding team while the social network was still operating out of a Harvard dorm room.
“I knew nothing when I got started,” he said, adding, “You have to remember I was 19 years old when I started Facebook.”
He then spoke about his lack of experience in the early days and how it played a role in the conflict he had with Saverin.

Tensions Rose After Peter Thiel Introduced Vesting Schedule
The Meta CEO recalled that when investor Peter Thiel came in, he insisted all founders have vesting schedules (a way of earning equity over time so people can't just leave with their full share).
However, Zuckerberg didn't even know what that was.
"Part of the early conflict that I had with um with Eduardo, who’s one of our our founders … We hadn’t heard vesting schedules and then he [Saverin] just bounced, he never moved out to California with us," he stated.
Adding, "So Peter was like ‘oh all you guys have to be on vesting schedules … but it’s fine, I mean it’s like that mistake probably cost me billions of dollars, but it’s fine … You just kind of keep pushing forward."
Subscribe to the Benzinga Tech Trends newsletter to get all the latest tech developments delivered to your inbox.

From Dorm Room Partners To Co-Founders To Legal Dispute
In 2005, tensions between Zuckerberg and Saverin escalated over business disagreements, reported Business Insider.
While Zuckerberg sought to secure venture capital funding and grow the platform, Saverin allegedly resisted dilution of his stake. 
Saverin famously sued Zuckerberg after his ownership stake in Facebook was significantly reduced — a dispute later settled out of court and dramatized in the 2010 film "The Social Network."
Saverin retained the title of co-founder and reportedly walked away with a sizable fortune when Facebook went public in 2012.
Saverin Is A Billionaire Today And Have No Hard Feelings Toward Zuckerberg
He currently has a net worth of $42.1 billion, according to Bloomberg's Billionaire Index. In 2011, the billionaire gave up his U.S. citizenship.
In a 2012 interview with reporter Fábio Altman, published that weekend by Veja, Saverin addressed the now-infamous email Zuckerberg sent to fellow Facebook co-founder Dustin Moskovitz about potentially reducing Saverin's stake in the company.
He said, “I have only good things to say about Mark, there are no hard feelings between us.”


AMD CEO Lisa Su Says China Strategy Rebounding As MI308 AI Chips Await US License: ‘Better Position Than We Were Ninety Days Ago'


4. [Finlight] ‘Not off the table’: Marco Rubio leaves door open for Ukraine-Russia ceasefire; urges negotiations toward permanent peace

Secretary of State Marco Rubio indicated that a temporary ceasefire between Ukraine and Russia remains a possibility, despite stalled progress. Following President Trump's meeting with Vladimir Putin in Alaska, Rubio emphasized that Russia's agreement is crucial for any ceasefire. Ukrainian President Zelenskyy stressed the urgency of a ceasefire to advance peace negotiations during discussions with European leaders.


5. [Finlight] Girl, 11, dies after incident at river in Cornwall

An 11-year-old girl has died after an incident in the water at a beauty spot in Cornwall.

Emergency services were called to Wacker Quay on the Lynher River near Torpoint at about 6pm on Saturday after being alerted about a person in the water, police said.

Officers said the girl, from South Devon, was recovered and given emergency treatment but was confirmed dead at the scene.

A spokesperson for Devon and Cornwall police said: “Her next of kin have been informed and will be supported by specialist officers.

“The death is not being treated as suspicious and a file will be prepared for the coroner.”


6. [Finlight] AAPL Stock Price Prediction: Where Apple Could Be by 2025, 2026, and 2030

Benzinga and Yahoo Finance LLC may earn commission or revenue on some items through the links below.

Analysts are saying that Apple could hit $410 by 2030. Bullish on AAPL? Invest in Apple on SoFi with no commissions. If it's your first time signing up for SoFi, you'll receive up to $1,000 in stock when you first fund your account. Plus, get a 1% bonus if you transfer your investments and keep them there until December 31, 2025.

Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) remains one of the world's most influential and closely tracked tech stocks. Its massive installed base, iconic products, and fast-growing Services business make it a focal point for both growth and value investors. As of August 2025, Apple's share price is hovering near all-time highs as investors weigh the company's future earnings power in artificial intelligence (AI), wearables, and digital services.

Below, we'll take a close look at how Apple stock is performing today, where its valuation stands, and what experts think could happen to its price in 2025, 2026, and 2030. You'll find projections from Wall Street analysts and independent models, along with an overview of the key trends, possible risks, and different opinions shaping Apple's future.

Current Apple Stock Overview

Market Cap: $3.25 trillion

Trailing P/E Ratio: 32.36

Forward P/E Ratio: 26.95

1-Year Return: +1.86%

2025 Year to Date: Down roughly 15%, but rebounding strongly from earlier lows

As of August 2025, Apple (AAPL) trades near $224 per share, recovering from a steep first-half drop of over 15% as investor sentiment improves. The stock's trailing P/E ratio of 32.36 sits well above its long-term average in the low-to-mid 20s, reflecting the market's continued premium on Apple's brand and earnings power. Over the past year, shares have inched up about 1.9%, showcasing the company's historical resilience and ability to rebound from downturns. This elevated valuation suggests investors expect steady profit growth despite competitive pressures and rapid tech sector changes.

With high margins and recurring revenue, Apple's Services division (App Store, Apple Music, iCloud, and more) is now the company's growth engine. iPhone demand, especially in China and India, remains a central driver, with an anticipated surge for the iPhone 17 launch in the third quarter of 2025. AI has been called an “elephant in the room.” Apple's monetization strategy there has yet to emerge, with Wall Street still waiting for significant generative AI products. Competitive and regulatory headwinds are increasing, but Apple's pricing power and sticky ecosystem underpin optimism for the long-term.


7. [Finlight] Brooklyn lounge shooting leaves 3 dead, 8 hurt; police seek multiple suspects

Three people were killed and eight others wounded in a shooting at a crowded nightclub in Brooklyn early Sunday (August 17) morning, New York City Police Commissioner Jessica Tisch said.

Officers responded to multiple emergency calls at about 3.27am reporting gunfire inside Taste of the City Lounge at 903 Franklin Avenue, in the Crown Heights neighborhood, Tisch told reporters at the scene.

"Officers arrived within minutes of the first 911 calls and found numerous gunshot victims inside the location. Currently we have identified 11 victims ranging in age from 27 to 61, eight males and three females," Tisch said.

Three men – aged 27, 35, and one of unknown age – were pronounced dead at the scene. The other eight victims were transported to local hospitals with injuries described as non-life-threatening. Names of the victims are being withheld pending family notification.

Tisch said preliminary investigation indicated a dispute inside the packed club led to the shooting, involving multiple shooters.

At least 36 shell casings from multiple firearms were recovered, and police also found a gun near Bedford Avenue and Eastern Parkway.

Detectives are reviewing CCTV footage and searching for suspects, but no arrests have been made.

"Eleven people shot, three dead. It’s a terrible shooting that occurred in the city of New York," Tisch said.

The commissioner noted that shootings in New York City have reached record lows this year, calling Sunday’s incident "an anomaly" and promising a thorough investigation.

Tisch said there had been a non-fatal shooting at the same location in November 2024, but could not confirm whether metal detectors or other security measures were in place at the club.

Police cordoned off the area with tape and continued to collect evidence at the scene later Sunday morning.


8. [Finlight] 2 Great Dividend Stocks for the Long Haul You'll Likely Wish You Bought 10 Years From Now

Tractor Supply's business has been resilient, benefiting from steady demand in rural and suburban markets. Its focus on rural lifestyle products, store expansion, and customer loyalty programs has provided a reliable growth engine.

Another key factor making Tractor Supply look attractive is its loyalty program, Neighbor's Club. The program now has 41 million members. Highlighting its importance, 80% of its sales come from members. This program drives repeat visits and helps the company better target promotions. It's a quiet advantage that supports the company's growth story and ultimately its dividend growth prospects.

In addition, a low payout ratio like this enables the rural retailer to maintain these practices while continuing to raise its dividend over time. Indeed, with 16 consecutive years of dividend increases, Tractor Supply has demonstrated a commitment to rewarding shareholders with a growing stream of cash in a disciplined fashion.

Based on its stock price today, Tractor Supply offers investors a dividend yield of about 1.5%, paying $0.92 annually (the quarterly payment currently stands at $0.23). Importantly, the company has a payout ratio of just 44%, leaving plenty of room for the company to pay shareholders quarterly while reinvesting in its operations and repurchasing shares.

Let's take a look at how each company's dividend stacks up today, consider the underlying business trends that support (or challenge) those payouts, and explore what income-focused investors should keep in mind before committing capital for the long haul. Choosing whether to invest in either of these companies isn't just about their dividend yield today. It's more complex than that. So, let's dig into what makes each of these dividend stocks unique and attractive in their own right.

Tractor Supply (NASDAQ: TSCO) and Starbucks (NASDAQ: SBUX) have both established themselves as dependable dividend payers. Yet, their strengths, risks, and income profiles could not be more different. Tractor Supply, the leading rural retailer, has a smaller yield but comes with a track record of measured growth and strong coverage. Coffee giant Starbucks offers a richer payout but faces questions about its sustainability.

Story Continues

Starbucks: higher yield but more risk

Starbucks pays a dividend yield of roughly 2.6% as of this writing. Its quarterly payments total $2.44 annually. While the payout is more generous than Tractor Supply's, there's more risk to it. This is evidenced by the fact that the company's payout ratio currently exceeds 100% of earnings. That means the coffee giant is currently paying more in dividends than it earns, raising questions about the dividend's long-term sustainability at this level unless profits improve.

At the moment, the business doesn't look great on the surface. In its most recent quarter, Starbucks reported generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) earnings per share of $0.49, compared with a quarterly dividend of $0.61. Management has also notably opted not to provide full-year 2025 guidance as it works through plans to revitalize its business. So, for now, we just have to hope the company's slow revenue growth (sales increased just 2% year over year in the company's most recent quarter) will pick back up soon.

Despite rough fundamentals at the moment, management is confident about the company's future. It believes its current negative sales trends are only temporary. Under new leadership, Starbucks is working to simplify its menu, speed up service, and modernize operations. If these efforts are successful and uncertainty is replaced by excitement, the stock price could benefit and the dividend will likely get robust support from growing earnings.

For now, however, the higher yield comes with greater uncertainty. But that doesn't mean investors should rule Starbucks out. The higher yield helps make up for some of the uncertainty. Additionally, the stock price could jump if the company starts demonstrating a successful turnaround.

The verdict on both of these dividend stocks? They make a dynamic pair when bought together. For investors seeking a reliable, lower-risk income stream backed by a durable business model, Tractor Supply is a great dividend investment idea. Its modest dividend yield is backed by a durable business, a long history, and excellent financials. Starbucks, on the other hand, offers a higher yield and the potential for a jump in the stock price if management's efforts to revitalize the business are successful.

Should you buy stock in Starbucks right now?

The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.

Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $668,155!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,106,071!*

Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 1,070% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 184% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.

See the 10 stocks »

*Stock Advisor returns as of August 13, 2025

Daniel Sparks and his clients have no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Starbucks and Tractor Supply. The Motley Fool recommends the following options: short October 2025 $60 calls on Tractor Supply. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.

2 Great Dividend Stocks for the Long Haul You'll Likely Wish You Bought 10 Years From Now was originally published by The Motley Fool


9. [Finlight] 'It Might've Been A Spirit, But It Wasn't The Holy One,' Says Dave Ramsey As Couple Waits On God To Sell $60,000 In Crypto

Benzinga and Yahoo Finance LLC may earn commission or revenue on some items through the links below.

Arabella from Springfield, Missouri, told "The Ramsey Show" in April that she faced $60,000 in cryptocurrency, $14,000 in student loans and $37,000 in auto debt while preparing to close on her first home.

The question she posed to financial coach Dave Ramsey was whether they should sell their crypto to pay off debt or wait for what they believed might be divine timing.

Couple Questions Whether To Cash Out

Arabella explained that their crypto portfolio once held an additional $30,000 in value, but it dropped after policy announcements from President Donald Trump. She and her husband wondered if holding the coins longer could restore their lost wealth.

Don't Miss:

The same firms that backed Uber, Venmo and eBay are investing in this pre-IPO company disrupting a $1.8T market — and you can too at just $2.90/share.

Trade crypto futures on Plus500 with up to $200 in bonuses — no wallets, just price speculation and free paper trading to practice different strategies.

"I wouldn't try to time the market with it," said co-host Jade Warshaw. "You guys are in debt today, and you're closing on the house really quickly. So, I would liquidate this crypto, and I would pay off this debt. I would do that instantly."

Ramsey calls digital assets "one of the most volatile, high-risk investments on the planet." He warned that they're "not technically an investment — it's actually called speculation."

Rolling The Dice On Crypto

Arabella pushed back, saying their holdings were not meme coins, but Ramsey dismissed the difference. He cautioned that external events, such as tariffs or policy remarks, could sink their portfolio overnight.

"And so what happens when Trump burps again? You're screwed," Ramsey said. "It's the roll of the dice. You're in Vegas, and your car payment is on the line."

Trending: Kevin O'Leary Says Real Estate's Been a Smart Bet for 200 Years — This Platform Lets Anyone Tap Into It

He then reframed her thinking with a simple question: If she had no debt today, would she borrow against her car or take out credit cards to buy $60,000 worth of crypto? "Absolutely not," Arabella replied,

"It's the same thing," Ramsey said. "If you don't sell it today, you'll borrow it again tomorrow."

Spiritual Beliefs Collide With Financial Advice

"We are Christian and we do not gamble," Arabella said, revealing another layer of her decision-making. "But we felt like God showed us these three specific coins that we're invested in. And we have just been waiting for the right time for him to show us when to sell, which is why we've been holding for five years through two bull runs."


10. [Finlight] Not All Advisors Are Equal — Here's the Real Difference Between Fiduciary and Financial Advisors

Benzinga and Yahoo Finance LLC may earn commission or revenue on some items through the links below.

If you've ever thought about hiring someone to help manage your money, you've probably run into a tangle of titles: financial advisor, financial planner, wealth strategist, investment manager, fiduciary advisor, and more. On the surface, they can all sound the same — and many people use "financial advisor" as a catch-all for anyone who works with investments or retirement planning. But in reality, there's a critical distinction hiding behind those labels, and it can have a huge impact on your financial future. That difference comes down to whether or not your advisor is a fiduciary.

Understanding what separates a fiduciary advisor from a traditional financial advisor isn't just a matter of jargon — it's about knowing whether the person giving you advice is legally required to put your best interests ahead of their own. For many investors, that one detail is the difference between a plan built around your goals and one that quietly funnels money into products that benefit the advisor more than you.

What Is a Financial Advisor?

At its broadest, the term "financial advisor" can apply to almost anyone in the business of helping clients manage their money. This could mean someone who sells you life insurance, someone who opens a retirement account, or someone who builds a long-term investment plan. Financial advisors can be found at the biggest brokerage firms, at banks, or operating independently.

The key thing to understand is that not all financial advisors operate under the same legal standard of care. Many advisors are held only to what's called the suitability standard. That means they're obligated to recommend products that are "suitable" for your circumstances, but not necessarily the best or most cost-effective options available. In practice, that could look like an advisor steering you into a mutual fund with higher fees that pays them a commission, even though there's a nearly identical fund available with much lower costs. Both options may be "suitable," but only one puts more money in your pocket over time. The other keeps more money in theirs.

This doesn't mean all financial advisors are acting against your interests — many genuinely want to help — but it does highlight why the lack of a stronger legal requirement can leave room for conflicts of interest. And that's where fiduciary advisors come in.

What Is a Fiduciary Advisor?

A fiduciary advisor is different because they're bound to a much stricter standard — the fiduciary standard. This means they are legally and ethically required to put your best interests first at all times. Fiduciaries must minimize conflicts of interest whenever possible, disclose any conflicts that remain, and always ensure that the advice they give benefits you, not them.


💻 TECHNOLOGY HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

1. Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems - SiliconANGLE

Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems

Two of the largest enterprise infrastructure vendors announced product line expansions designed to give customers more options for deploying artificial intelligence workloads at scale. New offerings from Dell Technologies Inc. and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. include systems and software updates that incorporate Nvidia Corp.'s latest graphics processing unit technology and AI software, alongside tools from other partners, to help organizations move from AI experimentation to production.

Dell said it's updating its AI Data Platform with new components aimed at improving unstructured data ingestion, transformation, retrieval and compute performance. The platform is designed to handle the full AI workload lifecycle, from data ingestion to agentic inference to knowledge retrieval.

A new unstructured data engine developed in collaboration with Elasticsearch BV provides real-time, secure access to large-scale unstructured datasets, supporting advanced vector search, semantic retrieval and hybrid keyword search. The engine integrates GPU acceleration and Nvidia NeMo Retriever microservices for use in retrieval-augmented generation applications.

The Dell AI Data Platform also integrates a federated SQL engine from Starburst Data Inc. for querying multiple data sources without moving the data, and an Apache Spark-based data processing engine for batch and real-time analytics. They sit alongside Dell's PowerScale and ObjectScale storage systems, which support structured, semi-structured and unstructured data.

On the hardware side, Dell introduced PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers equipped with Nvidia RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell Server Edition GPUs, which are data center-class graphics and compute processors built on Nvidia's Blackwell architecture and designed for AI inference, visual computing, engineering simulation and virtual workstation workloads. Dell said the new GPUs can deliver up to six times the token throughput for large language model inference compared to its previous generation, along with higher engineering simulation performance and support for more concurrent users.

The R7725 will be the first 2U server to integrate the Nvidia AI Data Platform reference design, a validated blueprint for building GPU-accelerated infrastructure. Dell said the pairing yields a turnkey system for fast inferencing, semantic search and large AI workloads.

HPE said it's expanding its line of AI-optimized systems with new configurations that also use Nvidia's Blackwell architecture GPUs, as well as the latest Nvidia AI models. The company said these updates are intended to support both agentic AI -- or systems that complete tasks autonomously or with little supervision tasks - and physical AI, which involves AI control of robotics and other hardware systems.

HPE is also adding new options to its Cray XD670 and XD675 servers that allow them to be configured with Nvidia GB200 NVL72 systems for large-scale AI training, or with RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell GPUs for inference and smaller-scale workloads. HPE said both are pre-integrated with Nvidia's AI Enterprise software suite, including the NeMo framework and pretrained models such as Nvidia Nemotron for agentic AI and Cosmos for physical AI applications.

The company is also updating its GreenLake for AI offering to support the new systems. GreenLake is a consumption-based model for deploying AI infrastructure, allowing organizations to scale GPU resources as needed while keeping workloads on-premises or in colocation facilities. HPE said its Private Cloud AI will support the latest versions of the Nemotron and Cosmos models, as well as the latest Nvidia Blueprint for Video Search and Summarization.

Both companies' announcements center on integrating Nvidia's Blackwell-generation GPUs and related AI software into systems aimed at enterprises. Dell's focus is on connecting AI models to high-quality enterprise data, especially unstructured data, while HPE is emphasizing large-scale training and deployment of both agentic and physical AI models.

The announcements are part of a broader trend by infrastructure vendors to provide turnkey AI infrastructure that combines hardware, storage, networking and AI frameworks in pre-tested configurations.

Dell said its updated AI Data Platform with the unstructured data engine will be available later this year, alongside the PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers with RTX PRO 6000 GPUs. HPE said its updated Cray XD systems and GreenLake AI configurations will also be available in the coming months.


2. China's Tech Boom Attracts Foreign Investment Surge

The rhythmic hum of robotic arms in Suzhou factories and the digital pulse of Shanghai's AI labs tell an economic success story decades in the making. China has surpassed its ambitious five-year foreign direct investment (FDI) target of $700 billion ahead of schedule, with utilized FDI hitting $708.73 billion by mid-2024 -- a powerful rebuttal to narratives of foreign capital flight. This milestone, achieved amid global protectionist headwinds, underscores China's transformation into a high-tech investment magnet where innovation outpaces politics.

Despite geopolitical turbulence and supply chain realignments, China's patient cultivation of foreign enterprise is yielding historic dividends. Ministry of Commerce data reveals foreign firms now drive one-third of China's foreign trade, contribute 25% of industrial value-added output, and account for 1 in 7 tax dollars. Critically, they've generated over 30 million jobs since 2019 -- equivalent to the population of Malaysia. The 14th Five-Year Plan's $700 billion FDI target, once viewed as ambitious, was eclipsed six months early. In H1 2024 alone, 30,014 new foreign-invested firms registered across China -- an 11.7% YoY surge. While overall utilized FDI dipped 15.2% to $58.9 billion due to 2023's record-high baseline, the structural shift toward high-value sectors signals enduring confidence. As Franz Decker, BMW Brilliance Automotive CEO, asserted during the opening of their Nanjing R&D hub: "China demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation."

China's innovation pivot is rewriting FDI playbooks. Foreign capital flowing into high-tech industries leaped from 28.3% of total FDI in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023 -- a trajectory accelerating in 2024. E-commerce services saw explosive 130% YoY FDI growth in H1, while AI, biotech, and advanced manufacturing drew multinationals seeking China's "new quality productive forces." The Third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in June became a showcase for this transformation, featuring BMW's new Nanjing facility -- its largest Asian IT R&D center -- designed to leverage China's "rapidly evolving tech landscape." Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang, attending CISCE, observed: "China's supply chain is a miracle -- the world's largest and most complex, built on deep technology, AI and software. Technology adoption here is so fast, it sets global trends." This tech-led FDI boom reflects China's 9% average FDI return rate -- among the world's highest -- and validates Beijing's 2024 Action Plan stabilizing foreign investment through streamlined approvals and market access.

The H1 2024 FDI dip requires contextual understanding. OECD data shows global FDI fell 7% in 2023, with developing Asia experiencing steeper declines. China's contraction aligns with this trend while masking sectoral dynamism. Crucially, reinvested earnings by existing foreign enterprises -- a key FDI metric -- remain robust as firms like BASF and Tesla expand Chinese facilities. The State Council's 24-point guidelines for foreign investors, emphasizing intellectual property protection and equal procurement access, further anchor confidence. As the Ministry of Commerce emphasized in its June policy briefing: "Quality supersedes quantity -- we welcome capital aligned with high-end manufacturing and digital transformation."

China's $708 billion FDI milestone proves its economic resilience isn't cyclical but structural -- built on world-class infrastructure, deep talent pools, and unwavering commitment to innovation-led growth. For global investors, the calculus remains clear: overlooking China's high-tech transformation means missing the defining economic opportunity of our decade. Explore partnership opportunities through China's International Investment Promotion Agency to position your enterprise at the convergence of technology and growth.

China's 14th Five-Year Plan targeted $700 billion in cumulative foreign direct investment between 2021-2025. Ministry of Commerce data confirms this goal was surpassed six months early, reaching $708.73 billion by June 2024.

High-tech industries now dominate China FDI flows, rising from 28.3% of total investment in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023. E-commerce, AI, and advanced manufacturing led growth, with e-commerce FDI surging nearly 130% YoY in H1 2024.

BMW CEO Franz Decker cited China's "remarkable vitality in digital innovation ecosystems" when launching their Nanjing R&D center. Proximity to tech talent, rapid commercialization, and supportive industrial policies make China indispensable for global innovation.

Officials attribute H1 2024's 15.2% FDI dip to 2023's unusually high baseline and global trends. The 2024 "Stabilizing Foreign Investment" Action Plan counters concerns through market access easing and IP protections.

At approximately 9%, China's FDI return rate outperforms most major economies, according to World Bank investment viability analyses. This sustains appeal despite geopolitical uncertainties.

Data contradicts this narrative. Beyond record cumulative FDI, 30,014 new foreign firms registered in H1 2024 -- an 11.7% YoY increase -- with expansions by firms like Nvidia and BASF confirming long-term commitment.


3. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


4. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


5. Economic Watch: China's AI Tech Boosts Global Trade Efficiency, Facilitates Supply Chain

Beijing: To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q and A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing. "Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

According to Namibia Press Agency, during discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade. Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model. "The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes. At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms. The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images, and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for the overseas market. Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba. As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in the global trade landscape. At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent, and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world." China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi, and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce. Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


6. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

A visitor tries a pair of glasses at the booth of TCL in the Digital Technology Chain area of the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China, July 19, 2025. [Photo/Xinhua]

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30% The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95%, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

Open Source

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40% compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10% of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9% year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


7. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

This photo taken on July 17, 2025 shows robots at the booth of Nvidia during the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China. (Xinhua/Ding Hongfa)

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


8. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


9. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


10. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


🎯 MARKET SYNTHESIS
----------------------------------------
Total stories analyzed: 89
Overall news sentiment: Positive (0.15)

Data Sources:
  • Financial Modeling Prep (FMP) - Market data & trading activity
  • NewsAPI.ai - World, USA, and tech news
  • Finlight - Financial market news

================================================================================
END OF BRIEFING