PREMIUM EVENING MARKET BRIEFING
Generated: August 17, 2025 at 06:37 PM ET
================================================================================

📊 DAILY TRADING RECAP
----------------------------------------

Cryptocurrency (24hr Performance):
  • BTC: $117,986.61 (+0.46%)
  • ETH: $4,524.79 (+2.25%)
  • BNB: $857.71 (+2.20%)
  • SOL: $192.87 (+1.64%)
  • ADA: $0.96 (+4.59%)
Markets are closed for the weekend.

🌍 WORLD NEWS DIGEST
----------------------------------------

1. 'Weapons' reloads for another bloodbath at the box office, taking $43 million globally

You can run -- and keep running, and run some more -- but you can't hide.

Weapons took decisive care of its competition for a second week in a row at the box office. The twisty missing-children mystery from Barbarian director Zach Cregger followed up on its impressive $42.5 million U.S. premiere with a $25 million weekend two take. Globally, the film earned $43.4 million, handing it the crown both at home and abroad.

Last week, Weapons smoked Disney's widely publicized nostalgia sequel Freakier Friday in their debuts to the tune of $13.5 million. That gap slightly narrowed this week, with the Lindsay Lohan and Jamie Lee Curtis comedy taking in $14.5 million domestically, earning it the No. 2 spot, and $23.8 globally, where it fell to No. 5.

The sequel to Bob Odenkirk's 2021 comedic hit parade, literally -- the punch- and slap-filled Nobody, also fell short of the gold this week, earning No. 3 in its premiere with a domestic haul of $9.2 million and No. 2 globally with $32 million.

The Fantastic Four: First Steps, Marvel's big summer tentpole and the first headlining team-up of the beloved comic squad since 2015, continues to slow its pace in its fourth week of release. The super-flick starring Pedro Pascal, Vanessa Kirby, Ebon Moss-Bachrach, and Joseph Quinn earned $8.8 million domestically and $18 million globally, where it fell to the very bottom of the top 10.

That film now boasts a $247 million domestic haul, nothing to thumb your nose at, but nothing compared to the DCU's big Marvel counterprogramming for the summer season, Superman. The Man of Steel film is holding strong domestically with a $5.2 million take in week 6, grabbing a $340 million haul.

Want more movie news? Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free newsletter to get the latest trailers, celebrity interviews, film reviews, and more.

Elsewhere on the global leaderboard, Japan's dark animated fantasy Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba Infinity Castle opened to $31.3 million, totaling a staggering $192.2 million from only nine markets. That earns the latest entry in the anime franchise the title of highest-ever animated opening in the region, surpassing Frozen II and Inside Out 2.


2. Three dead, nine injured after multiple shooters open fire at Brooklyn club

This shooting comes as New York City police report the lowest number of shootings and victims seven months into the year that they've ever had on record.

Three people are dead and nine were injured after multiple shooters opened fire on a nightclub in Brooklyn's Crown Heights neighborhood early Sunday morning, police said. New York City Police Commissioner Jessica Tisch said at a news conference that those wounded were taken to the hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.

Police started receiving calls around 3:27 a.m. about a shooting inside Taste of the City Lounge, Tisch said. When officers arrived, they found numerous gunshot victims, ranging in age from 19 to 61. Initially, Tisch said there were 11 victims found at the scene, but officials later recovered another.

Those who died are all men: a 27-year-old, a 35-year-old and a 19-year-old, Tisch said. Names are not being released yet as authorities still need to notify their families.

The shooting happened, Tisch said, after a dispute inside the crowded club. It appeared to be gang-related, she added. Authorities found 36 shell casings from what Tisch said were multiple guns.

No one is in custody as of Sunday afternoon. Detectives are canvassing available security footage in and around the location, Tisch said, and the investigation is ongoing.

Tisch noted during questions from the press that this incident happened as New York City has seen the lowest number of shootings and victims seven months into the year that it's ever seen on record.

"Something like this is, of course, thank God, an anomaly and it's a terrible thing that happened this morning," Tisch said.

Still, New York Mayor Eric Adams said, "even 1 victim of gun violence is 1 too many."

"Shootings have scarred communities and torn too many families apart," Adams said. He urged those with information on the shooting to contact Crimestoppers at 800-577-TIPS.

Crisis Management teams have been mobilized in the area to to provide "trauma services, support and mediation" and work with family and friends of the victims to stop "any potential retaliation," Adams said.


3. Where to watch the 'Dead Girl Summer' Lifetime movie premiere for free

When close friends and newly anointed college graduates Avery and Jade return to the lakeside town they summered in as children, they're excited to spend the season visiting with their longtime pal, Will.

The three reconnect over shared nostalgia; until suddenly, Jade goes missing. The circumstances of her disappearance, Avery finds, are suspiciously reminiscent of what happened to another girl she knew, Mia, whose mysterious death during a previous summer vacation made for a harrowing experience -- one Avery hoped she'd never have to repeat.

DirecTV - After a 5-day free trial, save $35 on the first month of your DirecTV subscription. Plans now start at $49.99.

Sling - Choose either Sling Orange (sports/family) and Sling Blue (news/entertainment) individually, or select Sling Orange + Blue together to stream ESPN, Bravo, Discovery Channel, and more. Sling's latest promo offers live TV day passes starting at just $4.99.


4. Shooting in a crowded New York club leaves 3 dead, 9 wounded

NEW YORK -- A club shooting in the New York City borough of Brooklyn early Sunday left three people dead and nine others wounded in a year of record-low gun violence in the city.

Investigators believe up to four shooters opened fire at Taste of the City Lounge in Crown Heights after a dispute just before 3:30 a.m. The violence appeared to be gang-related, Police Commissioner Jessica Tisch told reporters.

There were no immediate arrests. During a news briefing, Tisch called the killings "a tragic, senseless act of violence."

The crime is the second mass shooting within weeks in New York City during a year that has otherwise seen declining gun violence. On July 29, a man stalked through a Manhattan office tower with a rifle, wounding one person and killing four others. A New York City police officer was among those who died.


5. European leaders to join Zelenskyy in D.C., and multiple gunmen sought in Brooklyn shooting: Weekend Rundown

Ukraine and its allies are scrambling to respond to President Donald Trump's apparent shift toward Vladimir Putin's hard-line position after their summit in Alaska.

A cohort of European leaders announced that they would join Ukraine's Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Washington on Monday as they seek to navigate America's new approach to ending the war.

NATO Secretary-General Mark Rutte, European Commission President Ursula von de Leyen, German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, U.K. Prime Minister Keir Starmer, French President Emmanuel Macron and Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni announced they would be joining Zelenskyy in D.C., perhaps hoping to ensure there is no repeat of his last Oval Office meeting.

Trump signaled Saturday that he was reversing his insistence on a ceasefire and instead pursuing a permanent peace deal -- aligning the United States with the Kremlin rather than Kyiv and its European backers.

Trump directly engaged with Zelenskyy and European leaders by phone early Saturday morning about the U.S. taking part in a potential NATO-like security guarantee for Ukraine as part of a deal with Russia, two senior administration officials and three sources familiar with the discussions told NBC News.

"European and American security guarantees were discussed," one source familiar with the discussions said. "U.S. troops on the ground was not discussed or entertained by [Trump]."

Security guarantees would activate in the scenario that Russia were to invade Ukraine again, the sources said, but the protections would not include NATO membership.

A "full peace deal" between Ukraine and Russia is the best chance to end the conflict, but a temporary ceasefire agreement is "not off the table," Secretary of State Marco Rubio said.

"Now, whether there needs to be a ceasefire on the way there, well, we've advocated for that," Rubio told NBC News' "Meet the Press." "Unfortunately, the Russians, as of now, have not agreed to that."

Rubio defended the Trump administration's decision not to impose new sanctions on Russia as previously threatened, despite Putin's reluctance to move toward a peace deal, saying, "What we're trying to do right now is end the war."

"I don't think new sanctions on Russia are going to force them to accept ceasefire. They're already under very severe sanctions," he later added.

The secretary of state also added that Putin is "certainly asking for things that the Ukrainians and others are not willing to be supportive of and that we're not going to push them to give, and the Ukrainians are asking for things that the Russians are not going to give up on."

Three people were killed and another nine were injured in an overnight shooting involving multiple gunmen at a Brooklyn nightclub, police said.

The shooting took place at the Taste of the City Lounge on Franklin Avenue in the Crown Heights neighborhood, New York Police Commissioner Jessica Tisch said at a news conference. The victims were identified as a 27-year-old male, a 35-year-old male and an 19-year-old male.

"What we know preliminarily is that there was a dispute inside the crowded club that led to the shooting," Tisch told reporters. "We believe that there were up to four shooters involved in this incident."

No suspects are in custody, and city officials urged the public to come forward with any information related to the shooting. It is currently believed to be a gang-related incident.

More than 10,000 Air Canada flight attendants walked off the job over pay and scheduling concerns, prompting the Canadian government to step in.

The airline suspended all operations Saturday morning, before Jobs and Families Minister Patty Hajdu directed the Canada Industrial Relations Board to impose binding arbitration, effectively ordering workers to continue their regular duties until an agreement is reached.

But on Sunday, the Canadian Union of Public Employees called the move "blatantly unconstitutional" and said its members "remain on strike."

"We demand a fair, negotiated contract and to be compensated for all hours worked," the union said in a statement.

The airline subsequently suspended its plan to resume limited flights, and now expects to restart operations Monday evening.

There is no shortage of hype around AI coming for jobs, and while the U.S. labor market has begun to sputter, hard evidence of AI-related job losses is scant. Even software engineers, seen as at particular risk thanks to AI's ability to generate computer code, so far seem relatively unscathed.

Whether or not AI does end up replacing some jobs, experts predict that skilled trades that include manual labor and expertise are the least vulnerable to modern technology, and the idea has been enough to push some people to reconsider their futures.

For Gen Zers without a degree, blue-collar work has offered a path to financial stability without the burden of student loans; and Gen Z men, regardless of education level, are more likely than women to choose blue-collar careers, according to a survey by Resume Builder.

Those jobs, for now, appear safe. "It's a very wide misconception that we are on the verge of having humanoid robots basically replace workers. In my mind, that's a myth," said Ken Goldberg, president of the Robot Learning Foundation at the University of California, Berkeley. "Progress is being made at a slow pace."

A Fulton County judge misspoke while reading a defendant's verdict in a Georgia courtroom, telling him he was guilty when the jury deemed him not guilty. The judge apologized, then re-read the statement correctly as people in the courtroom laughed and applauded.


6. ROYAL STARS | GEORGIA NICOLS

Happy Birthday for Tuesday, Aug. 19, 2025:

You are dynamic, organized and willing to devote energy to changing society. You're also outgoing and charming. Take inventory of your life this year.

The stars show the kind of day you'll have: 5-Dynamic; 4-Positive; 3-Average; 2-So-so; 1-Difficult

ARIES (March 21-April 19)

￼￼￼￼ Enjoy family get-togethers. Invite the gang over for good food and drink. Likewise, explore real estate opportunities. Tonight: Entertain.

TAURUS (April 20-May 20)

￼￼￼￼ Today you'll enjoy talking to siblings, relatives and neighbors. You feel positive and enthusiastic. You might be generous to someone, or they might be generous to you. Tonight: Discussions and travel.

People are also reading... Normal man identified after fatal bike crash in Comlara Park 1 dead, 3 injured in crash on I-55 near Pontiac Friday morning 'Exactly what Pontiac needs': Route 66 RoadHouse offering farm-to-table eats Bloomington man gets 8 years in prison, ordered to pay $15K in meth, financial cases Woman sentenced to 5 years in McLean County robbery case Prosecutors: Bloomington man tries to kill a woman, stabs teenage girl McLean County officials are investigating after a man was found dead in Comlara Park What to eat at the 2025 Illinois State Fair Illinois farmers turn to agroforestry for profit, soil health and crop diversity Bloomington man accused of stabbing woman, injuring 2 others Officials: Heyworth man seen swinging machete threatened, tried to bite police chief Scott Best, a 24-year-old autoworker, to challenge LaHood for Illinois' 16th Congressional District ISP asks for public's help in search for suspect in shooting of Gibson City officers Man from Normal detained, accused of sexually assaulting young girl Appellate court orders release of man charged in McLean County with traveling to meet a minor

GEMINI (May 21-June 20)

￼￼￼￼ Financial matters are promising today. Pay attention to your moneymaking ideas. Listen to advice from others. Tonight: Check your assets.

CANCER (June 21-July 22)

￼￼￼￼￼ Today the moon is in your sign lined up with lucky Jupiter, which makes you happy, upbeat and generous toward others. It's important to know that today you will get what you give. Tonight: You're blessed.

LEO (July 23-Aug. 22)

￼￼￼￼ In different ways (according to the details of your personal life), today you might have a deeper concern for metaphysical and spiritual issues. Tonight: Enjoy privacy.

VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)

￼￼￼￼ You couldn't pick a better day to interact with clubs, groups and organizations. Conventions and conferences will be positive experiences. Tonight: Warm friendships.

LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22)

￼￼￼ You can demand the advantage when dealing with others today because you make a fabulous impression on everyone. Tonight: You're high-viz!

SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21)

￼￼￼￼ Travel plans and opportunities to expand your world through publishing, the media, medicine, the law and higher education are exciting today. Tonight: Explore!

SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21)

￼￼￼ Today is the day to make your pitch if you want a loan or a mortgage. Likewise, if you want to borrow something, doors will open for you. Tonight: You're fortunate.

CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)

￼￼￼￼ Work with others to achieve your aims today, because people will be supportive (especially partners and close friends). Tonight: Happy interactions.

AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18)

￼￼￼￼ Work-related travel is likely for some of you. Others will do something to benefit your health. Likewise, anything to do with pets will bring you joy. Tonight: Get organized.

PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20)

￼￼￼￼ Set aside some time today to schmooze and enjoy the company of others. Sports events, social outings, movies, -- do whatever brings you joy. Tonight: Socialize!

-- King Features Syndicate

Love 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Sad 0 Angry 0

Be the first to know

Get local news delivered to your inbox!

Sign up! * I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy.


7. Man Rams Cop Cruiser, Runs From Police Before Huge CT Drug Bust: Officials

Police say a Manchester man tried to ram his car into a cruiser and run from officers before being caught with a large stash of fentanyl and crack cocaine.

Gladstone Benjamin, 34, was spotted near a vehicle in the parking lot of the Manchester Inn on East Center Street when an officer "suspected narcotics activity was taking place." The man speaking with Benjamin had two children with him, authorities noted.

When police pulled up in front of his car, Benjamin jumped into the driver's seat. According to officers, he "accelerated forward, colliding with the police cruiser in an attempt to elude law enforcement." He then ditched the car and sprinted across East Center Street before being caught after a short foot chase.

Inside the vehicle, investigators found about 450 wax folds containing suspected fentanyl, along with additional quantities of purple fentanyl, crack cocaine, and marijuana.

Benjamin now faces a long list of charges, including:

He is being held on a $750,000 bond, police said.

Click here to follow Daily Voice Fairfield and receive free news updates.


8. Today in history

On this date

In 1692, four men and one woman were hanged after being convicted of witchcraft at Salem in the Province of Massachusetts Bay; the story of one of the men, John Proctor, inspired Arthur Miller's play "The Crucible."

In 1807, Robert Fulton's North River Steamboat arrived in Albany, two days after leaving New York on its maiden voyage.

In 1812, the USS Constitution defeated the British frigate HMS Guerriere off Nova Scotia during the War of 1812, earning the nickname "Old Ironsides."

In 1814, during the War of 1812, British forces landed at Benedict, Maryland, with the objective of capturing Washington, D.C.

In 1909, Indianapolis Motor Speedway hosted its first race.

In 1934, German voters approved the vesting of sole executive power in Adolf Hitler.

People are also reading... Normal man identified after fatal bike crash in Comlara Park 1 dead, 3 injured in crash on I-55 near Pontiac Friday morning 'Exactly what Pontiac needs': Route 66 RoadHouse offering farm-to-table eats Bloomington man gets 8 years in prison, ordered to pay $15K in meth, financial cases Woman sentenced to 5 years in McLean County robbery case Prosecutors: Bloomington man tries to kill a woman, stabs teenage girl McLean County officials are investigating after a man was found dead in Comlara Park What to eat at the 2025 Illinois State Fair Illinois farmers turn to agroforestry for profit, soil health and crop diversity Bloomington man accused of stabbing woman, injuring 2 others Officials: Heyworth man seen swinging machete threatened, tried to bite police chief Scott Best, a 24-year-old autoworker, to challenge LaHood for Illinois' 16th Congressional District ISP asks for public's help in search for suspect in shooting of Gibson City officers Man from Normal detained, accused of sexually assaulting young girl Appellate court orders release of man charged in McLean County with traveling to meet a minor

In 1955, torrential rains caused by Hurricane Diane resulted in severe flooding in the northeastern U.S., claiming some 200 lives.

In 1960, a tribunal in Moscow convicted American U2 pilot Francis Gary Powers of espionage. (Although sentenced to 10 years' imprisonment, Powers was returned to the United States in 1962 as part of a prisoner exchange.)

In 1980, 301 people aboard Saudia Flight 163 died as the jetliner made a fiery emergency return to the Riyadh airport.

-- Associated Press

Love 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Sad 0 Angry 0

Be the first to know

Get local news delivered to your inbox!

Sign up! * I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy.


9. Father savagely stabbed in head while protecting his family as machete-wielding gang storms family home in Melbourne

By CAMERON CARPENTER, DEPUTY EDITOR (NEWS), AUSTRALIA

A father has been stabbed in the head and face after five masked intruders, including one armed with a machete, stormed his family home in one of Melbourne's richest suburbs.

The 39-year-old man and his wife were asleep in their Kew East property when, just after 4am on Sunday, a gang of thugs allegedly forced their way into the Oxford Street home and dragged the terrified couple into separate rooms.

The father 'put up a fight' when he confronted the intruders, while the grandparents were also injured after trying to come to his aid.

'The husband was then stabbed multiple times to the head, face and arms,' Victoria Police said.

The mother was forced into the bedroom where her two young children were still in bed, while her husband was brutally attacked, with the intruders allegedly warning her not to step outside.

The father, left bleeding from horrific stab wounds, was rushed to hospital with serious but non-life-threatening injuries.

His wife was treated at the scene for cuts and bruises.

Miraculously, the couple's two toddlers, just two and three years old, were not harmed during the terrifying ordeal.

A father has been stabbed in the head and face after five masked intruders, including one armed with a machete, stormed his family home in Melbourne.

The grandparents, aged 69 and 70, were also caught up in the chaos and taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. A fifth adult in the house escaped without physical harm.

Four of the masked offenders fled in the victim's luxury BMW, while a fifth escaped in the car they had arrived in.

The stolen BMW was later dumped on Christie Street in Deer Park. Police subsequently tracked down three of the alleged attackers on nearby Hamilton Street.

A 24-year-old man and two teenagers, aged just 16 and 17, were charged with a string of offences, including aggravated home invasion, intentionally causing serious injury, and false imprisonment.

Two other suspects remain on the run.

Boroondara Detective Sergeant Leanne Trussler was left shocked by the attacks.

'I've never seen anything like this,' she said.

'This is awful, a family, two adults, two children aged two and three, and the grandparents are sleeping in their home at nearly 4 o'clock in the morning.

'The house is secure, they're meant to be safe, and they've woken up and been treated like this.

The father 'put up a fight' when he confronted the intruders, while the grandparents were also injured after trying to come to his aid

'It's their home, or their castle, as they say. You should be safe, you shouldn't be disrespected in your home and having people come in at that time of night and doing that to your family.'

She said the 39-year-old victim remained in hospital and would require surgery.

'He has a fractured left arm, he has a number of cuts all over his face and he is going to need surgery on his eye,' Detective Sergeant Trussler said.

'The grandparents have also been assessed by doctors and released.'


10. Former co-worker ghosts decade-long friendship

Dear Eric: We are a group of three female former co-workers who have gathered regularly for 10 years to celebrate birthdays and Christmas. We have taken turns at each other's homes and always had a nice time eating, laughing and reminiscing together.

This year, one member of our group ghosted the other two of us. She will not respond to phone calls or messages. We are totally in the dark and confused by this and don't know if we should continue to reach out or let it go.

She has given us no indication, at any time, of a problem. She recently became a grandma and didn't invite us to the baby shower.

My feeling is to let it go and hope she is OK. What do you think we should do? -- Heartbroken

Dear Heartbroken: This abrupt shift is concerning. If you know someone else who knows her, even casually, you should reach out to them just to confirm that she's physically safe.

People are also reading... Normal man identified after fatal bike crash in Comlara Park 1 dead, 3 injured in crash on I-55 near Pontiac Friday morning 'Exactly what Pontiac needs': Route 66 RoadHouse offering farm-to-table eats Bloomington man gets 8 years in prison, ordered to pay $15K in meth, financial cases Woman sentenced to 5 years in McLean County robbery case Prosecutors: Bloomington man tries to kill a woman, stabs teenage girl McLean County officials are investigating after a man was found dead in Comlara Park What to eat at the 2025 Illinois State Fair Illinois farmers turn to agroforestry for profit, soil health and crop diversity Bloomington man accused of stabbing woman, injuring 2 others Officials: Heyworth man seen swinging machete threatened, tried to bite police chief Scott Best, a 24-year-old autoworker, to challenge LaHood for Illinois' 16th Congressional District ISP asks for public's help in search for suspect in shooting of Gibson City officers Man from Normal detained, accused of sexually assaulting young girl Appellate court orders release of man charged in McLean County with traveling to meet a minor

You don't have to get into the details of your friendship, but something as simple as "I haven't heard from her in a bit, do you know if everything is OK?" could put your mind partially at ease.

Since you know about the new grandchild, it's likely you already know that she's fine, just not responding. But if you have a doubt, reach out. It may not prompt her to re-establish contact with you but could affirm that she has a good social safety net, should she need it.

Now, it's possible, though unfortunate, that she may have outgrown the friendship, or something may have shifted in her feelings, and you and the other friend may not have noticed. This can make you feel powerless, in addition to hurt. One way to take some of that power back is to perform a ritual of closure for your friendship. Don't worry; this sounds fancier than it is.

Right now, there's just a sharp drop-off where your friendship used to be. That's going to feel like a wound that doesn't heal. Write her a letter in which you thank her for the times you spent together and the gift of friendship she gave you and wish her well. You may not even want or need to send it. This is a letter for you, as well.

We may not always get to tell those we love "goodbye and thank you," but that doesn't stop us from saying it.

And in speaking it, it becomes real.

Dear Eric: I'm a right above-knee amputee. I became an amputee two years ago due to an escalated argument with my mother who stabbed me seven times while I was knocked unconscious with a bat. She was given 12 years. She'll do 6½.

She is also my neighbor. Should I move? But also, why should I move?

I bought this property as a teenager. I've worked all my life. Why should I give up a home I have poured blood, sweat and tears into?

Is it worth the trauma to stay? -- Want to Stay Home

Dear Home: You shouldn't have to move. And it sounds like you have a number of years to figure out how to make your home a safe space.

Talk to the local authorities and perhaps the DA that handled your case about your options for a restraining order or other protections.

However, this isn't just about property or physical safety. Even with her incarcerated, this neighborhood is a site of violence for you and so it's likely that the trauma is going to keep being perpetuated if you don't address it. You've suffered a huge loss, and a therapist or support group can help you process that.

Tending to your emotional well-being will better set you up to make a healthy choice when she returns.

Dear Eric: Recently I was chatting with a new neighbor and said that I had lived in Chicago for a number of years prior to moving to my current city. This new neighbor looked at me and said, "I'm sorry." When I said, "Sorry about what?" he turned and walked away. Can you shed some light on this? -- Former Chicagoan

Dear Chicagoan: As someone who loves Chicago whenever I visit, I don't think there's any light to shed here, alas. People who feel the need to denigrate entire cities need to work on their conversational skills. Maybe get a hobby. It shows a real lack of understanding about how large the world is.

It's silly to write off an entire city. It's silly to write off an entire block.

If you don't want to live someplace, that's perfectly fine. But to say no one should live there or it's beyond saving?

Wow, I can't imagine being so unimaginative.

Send questions to R. Eric Thomas at eric@askingeric.com.

Love 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Sad 0 Angry 0

Be the first to know

Get local news delivered to your inbox!

Sign up! * I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy.


11. Security tackles baseball fan after he ran onto field, interrupting Astros-Orioles game

Fox News Flash top sports headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com.

A baseball fan interrupted a game between the Houston Astros and the Baltimore Orioles on Sunday afternoon at Daikin Park.

A video obtained by Fox News Digital showed the fan reached the pitcher's mound and ran around the infield before security guards finally reached him and tackled him to the ground.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

The fan was taken out of the stadium in handcuffs.

It was the most excitement Astros fans saw throughout the day as Houston fell to Baltimore 12-0. Orioles pitchers Dean Kremer, Grant Wolfram and Corbin Martin held Astros batters to six hits.

Kremer had seven strikeouts in seven innings. He allowed only three hits and walked one. Wolfram and Martin came into the game to put the game away. Kremer threw 114 pitches.

ROCKIES PITCHER JIMMY HERGET'S POSTGAME SHIRT SENDS PLAYFUL MESSAGE: 'MY ARM HURTS'

Astros catcher Yainer Diaz was 2-for-4 but struck out twice. He was the only Astros player who had a multi-hit game.

The Orioles jumped on Cristian Javier early and Shawn Dubin when he came into the game. Four runs in the fifth and five runs in the eighth were more than enough for the Orioles to win the game.

Baltimore third baseman Jordan Westburg was 4-for-4 in the game with five RBI. He hit a three-run home run off Dubin in the fifth inning. Gunner Henderson, Adley Rutschman and Sam Basallo each had two RBI.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The Orioles improved to 57-67 with the win and Houston fell to 69-55.


12. 'We Miss Her Madly': Famed Bodybuilder, Life Coach Dies Unexpectedly At 37

Her family in her obituary said McNeff's passing was "unexpected but peaceful."

McNeff grew up in Concord, Massachusetts, and graduated from Concord-Carlisle High School before attending the University of Massachusetts Amherst. From a young age, she excelled in a wide range of sports -- equestrian, board diving, and skiing -- before turning her focus to bodybuilding, according to her obituary

She went on to win multiple state titles in Maryland and Delaware and earned recognition in the 2005 documentary "Raising the Bar," which explored the demanding world of competitive bodybuilding.

Her obituary called her a "lifelong athlete" who achieved "the highest success that sector offered."

McNeff's father Dave called his daughter "determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," and her resume backs that up.

"Hayley was like a beam of light in this world. She had boundless energy and was very determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," he told People magazine. "She set her sights on bodybuilding and fitness and achieved the highest success that sector offered. She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

McNeff was remembered for her personality as much as her accomplishments. According to her obituary, she was known for her "quick wit" and "constant sense of humor." It continued, "She had a gift for making those around her laugh and feel welcomed. Her energy and determination was a constant in her life and she always accomplished what she set out to achieve. She treasured her friendships and nurtured strong, lasting relationships with those who knew her best."

Her family added, "She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

Click here to follow Daily Voice New Rochelle and receive free news updates.


13. Lakers Predicted to Make Deep Playoff Run This Year By NBA Executive

Apr 30, 2025; Los Angeles, California, USA; Los Angeles Lakers guard Luka Doncic (77) moves the ball against Minnesota Timberwolves forward Jaden McDaniels (3) during the first half in game five of first round for the 2025 NBA Playoffs at Crypto.com Arena. Mandatory Credit: Gary A. Vasquez-Imagn Images / Gary A. Vasquez-Imagn Images

The Los Angeles Lakers were expected to be a title contender as they entered the playoffs last year. After finishing as the three seed, they looked like they had put it all together.

After the Lakers got Luka Doncic in the trade with the Mavericks, their offense was fantastic and one of the best in the league. Defense ended up being the issue.

Minnesota sliced up the Lakers' defense and took them down in just five games. Despite that performance, an NBA executive believes they will make a deep run next year.

More news: Lakers News: NBA Insider Weighs In on Rui Hachimura's Long Term Future in LA

According to Lakers Daily, one executive loves the Lakers' chances to make it deep in the playoffs.

"They were the third seed last year and did that without a starting-level center. They definitely got better by adding Ayton and Smart. I can see them making the conference finals. You can never count out LeBron [James]. I don't care how old he is. He's still amazing offensively. And everyone keeps talking about how great Luka [Doncic] looks after his weight loss. He's probably hungry to win it all next season."

Adding Ayton certainly helps the center spot be better, but he still has some issues of his own. There's a reason that the Trail Blazers paid him to go away.

Smart has not been healthy over the last few years, so if they get anything from him, it would be a bonus. Relying on those two to be huge pieces is a gamble.

More news: Lakers Insider Provides Update on LA's Pursuit of $87 Million Frontcourt Duo

Health will be the biggest issue for the Lakers next season. Doncic will be better now that he has had a full offseason in LA and he's in the best shape of his career.

If LeBron James can hold off a major injury, they should be a good regular-season team yet again. The new additions might make a big deal when it comes to the playoffs.

Taking down the Oklahoma City Thunder is still going to be a tough task. They are by far the best team in the league.


14. Maharashtra CM Fadnavis, Dy CM Shinde congratulate Governor CP Radhakrishnan on NDA's VP nomination

Mumbai (Maharashtra) [India], August 18 (ANI): Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Sunday congratulated Governor CP Radhakrishnan on being announced as the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) candidate for the post of Vice President, the Chief Minister Office (CMO) said.

After returning from Kolhapur, CM Fadnavis went directly to Raj Bhavan and met Governor Radhakrishnan and extended his wishes on the announcement of his candidature.

Maharashtra Deputy Chief Minister Eknath Shinde also declared support on behalf of his party, the Shiv Sena, for Radhakrishnan candidature. He expressed congratulations, calling the choice a recognition of the Governor experience and integrity.

In a post on X, Shinde wrote, By selecting the Governor of Maharashtra, C.P. Radhakrishnan, as the candidate for the Vice Presidential post, the National Democratic Alliance (NDA), led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has duly honoured an experienced, wise, honest, and patriotic personality in the political arena. I declare support on behalf of the Shiv Sena party for the candidacy of Radhakrishnan, who possesses extensive experience in parliamentary work as a Member of Parliament and profound knowledge of administrative work as a Governor. Additionally, heartfelt congratulations for his candidacy for the Vice Presidential post. Given that his victory in this election is certain, I extend my best wishes for a successful tenure as Vice President and for his tenure to be remarkable for the bright future of the country.

The NDA had earlier in the day announced CP Radhakrishnan as its Vice Presidential candidate for the election scheduled on September 9. The announcement was made by BJP national president JP Nadda after the party Parliamentary Board meeting in New Delhi.

At the parliamentary board meeting, we all unanimously decided on the VP candidate, Mr CP Radhakrishna. We discussed the VP candidate with all our alliance party (NDA) earlier as well. We will discuss our opposition party as well to smooth the VP election... Nadda said.

67-year-old Radhakrishnan political life started earlier with him being associated with organisations like the RSS and Jan Sangh, taking up student politics. Since then, he has used politics as a medium to serve the public.

He has consistently shown a commitment towards national unity, social reform and public welfare, leading movements that addressed critical social and developmental challenges. His political life started earlier with him taking up student politics. Since then, he has used politics as a medium to serve the public, with over four decades of serving people as a karyakarta.

He won his first election from Coimbatore in 1998 with a margin of 1,50,000+ votes. He later went on to serve as the Governor of Maharashtra. He initiated his political journey through the Jan Sangh at the age of 16 in 1974. In 1996, he became the secretary of the BJP in Tamil Nadu. He was elected as MP from the Coimbatore parliamentary constituency in 1998, in which he won by a margin of 1,50,000+ votes, and was re-elected in 1999 from the same constituency.

In 2006, he was appointed as the state president of the BJP in Tamil Nadu, during which he actively raised social and developmental issues. From 2016 to 2020, he served as the chairman of the Coir Board, under whose leadership the coir export of India reached an all-time high. He also held the prestigious position of Governor for states like Jharkhand, Telangana, Maharashtra and Puducherry.

He is regarded as eminent, knowledgeable and untainted by any legal accusations. He was born on 20 October 1957 in Tiruppur, Tiruppur district of Tamil Nadu. By profession, he is an agriculturist and industrialist. He completed his BBA from V.O.C. College, Tuticorin, Tamil Nadu.

In his over four decades of experience serving the masses, he has held multiple posts, including State Executive Committee Member, Bharatiya Jan Sangh (1974); Secretary, BJP, Tamil Nadu (1996), MP, Coimbatore Parliamentary Constituency (1998-1999); MP, Coimbatore Parliamentary Constituency (1999-2004); Part of parliamentary delegation to the UN (2004); State President, BJP, Tamil Nadu (2004-2007), Member of the first parliamentary delegation to Taiwan (2014); Chairman, All India Coir Board (2016-2020); State Incharge (Prabhari), Kerala (2020-2022); Governor, Jharkhand (2023-2024) and Governor, Telangana and Lieutenant Governor of Puducherry (2024).

With proven leadership across diverse roles, C.P. Radhakrishnan brings rich political and administrative experience. As chairman of the Coir Board, he transformed India coir sector, taking exports to a record Rs 2,532 crore.

In his tenure as Governor of Jharkhand, he travelled across all 24 districts within four months, directly engaging with citizens and officials to strengthen governance at the grassroots. He has also made significant contributions in tuberculosis eradication in Jharkhand, Puducherry and Maharashtra. (ANI)

Disclaimer: This news article is a direct feed from ANI and has not been edited by the News Nation team. The news agency is solely responsible for its content.


15. Missing Woman Whose Body Was Found Submerged in a Rain Barrel Died in 'Tragic Accident,' Officials Say

"The death of Mrs. Ottenberg was a tragic accident," a spokesperson for the Wilmington, N.C. police department said in a statement

The death of a North Carolina woman whose body was found in a rain barrel on her own property last year was a "tragic accident," according to officials.

Karin Ottenberg, 49, was last known to be alive and well on Dec. 22, 2024. However, when her child, who split time between his parents, was dropped off at her house later that same day, he couldn't find her.

"Other family looked and then the child went back with his father," stated the medical examiner's report, which was obtained by PEOPLE and compiled from medical records and conversations with law enforcement.

The next day, when Ottenberg still hadn't turned up, a missing person's report was filed with the Wilmington Police Department. Shortly after receiving it, law enforcement and her family members searched Ottenberg's residence and other possible locations but did not find her.

Four days later, on Dec. 27, law enforcement returned to Ottenberg's home, where they found her fully-clothed with her "head down and curled up in a rain barrel next to the back deck," according to the report. She was pronounced dead at the scene.

The barrel was described as being about 40 inches tall with an opening of approximately 18 inches. According to the medical examiner's report, her head was submerged in about 18 inches of water.

The report stated that the yard and deck were littered with empty beer bottles -- and she was last seen on video purchasing beer at a local store.

There were no obvious signs of foul play or suicide and officials believe she was reaching over the deck rail and down into the barrel for something when she accidentally fell into it.

It remains unclear if the barrel was filled with rain before or after she fell in.

"The death of Mrs. Ottenberg was a tragic accident. Investigators were in regular contact with her family during the time she was missing, all the way through her discovery," a police department spokesperson said in a statement obtained by PEOPLE. "There was no evidence providing any criminal nexus to her death. This is all we will say out of respect for Mrs. Ottenberg's family."

On the medical examiner's report, her probable cause of death was listed as accidental drowning.

When reached for additional comment by PEOPLE, police said their investigation was closed.

Never miss a story -- sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories

In the obituary, loved ones remembered Ottenberg as a "devoted mother, daughter, sister, and friend whose warmth and kindness touched all who knew her."

After working as a waitress, art teacher and banker, Ottenberg "found her true calling in horticulture, where she dedicated the majority of her career to the nurturing and propagation of plants, flowers, bushes, and trees," according to the tribute. "Her love for nature and the beauty she cultivated mirrored the care she showed in all aspects of her life."

Ottenberg is survived by her mother, Anita Mills Roberts, her brother, Kevin Rochelle, as well as her children, Isabella (Izzy) and Bodey Ottenberg.


16. 'We Miss Her Madly': Famed Bodybuilder, Life Coach Dies Unexpectedly At 37

Her family in her obituary said McNeff's passing was "unexpected but peaceful."

McNeff grew up in Concord, Massachusetts, and graduated from Concord-Carlisle High School before attending the University of Massachusetts Amherst. From a young age, she excelled in a wide range of sports -- equestrian, board diving, and skiing -- before turning her focus to bodybuilding, according to her obituary

She went on to win multiple state titles in Maryland and Delaware and earned recognition in the 2005 documentary "Raising the Bar," which explored the demanding world of competitive bodybuilding.

Her obituary called her a "lifelong athlete" who achieved "the highest success that sector offered."

McNeff's father Dave called his daughter "determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," and her resume backs that up.

"Hayley was like a beam of light in this world. She had boundless energy and was very determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," he told People magazine. "She set her sights on bodybuilding and fitness and achieved the highest success that sector offered. She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

McNeff was remembered for her personality as much as her accomplishments. According to her obituary, she was known for her "quick wit" and "constant sense of humor." It continued, "She had a gift for making those around her laugh and feel welcomed. Her energy and determination was a constant in her life and she always accomplished what she set out to achieve. She treasured her friendships and nurtured strong, lasting relationships with those who knew her best."

Her family added, "She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

Click here to follow Daily Voice North Salem and receive free news updates.


17. Israel strikes Hamas cell using hospital as shelter

Tel Aviv [Israel], August 18 (ANI): The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) late Saturday night announced that they struck an armed Hamas terrorist cell that was operating while using a hospital as a shelter.

As per the IDF, the terrorists had used the hospital compound as a storage site for weapons.

In a post on X, the IDF said, STRUCK: An armed Hamas terrorist cell operating just outside the Al-Maamadani Hospital in Zaytun, central Gaza, was struck by an IAF aircraft. The terrorists stored weapons & equipped themselves with weapons at the hospital compound while using the hospital as shelter, another example of Hamas cynically and brutally exploiting civilians and hospitals.

🎯 STRUCK: An armed Hamas terrorist cell operating just outside the Al-Maamadani Hospital in Zaytun, central Gaza, was struck by an IAF aircraft.

The terrorists stored weapons & equipped themselves with weapons at the hospital compound while using the hospital as shelter,...

Meanwhile, the Israeli police clashed with protesters who demonstrated for the release of hostages, Al Jazeera reported.

At least four protesters were arrested, and videos circulating online showed police officers violently confronting people as other demonstrators chanted and banged on drums. They protested in front of the headquarters of Benjamin Netanyahu Likud party.

The armed wing of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, the al-Quds Brigades, says that it targeted a gathering of Israeli soldiers and vehicles north of Khan Younis city, in southern Gaza.

In a statement on Telegram, the group said they bombed the Beeri and Shawqida settlements with a number of rockets in response to the Zionist enemy crimes against our people, as reported by Al Jazeera.

It added that yesterday, fighters destroyed an Israeli military vehicle through the use of an explosive during the army incursion into the Hassan al-Banna square in the Zeitoun neighbourhood south of Gaza City.

The Palestinians organised another march in the occupied West Bank Ramallah to protest Israeli attacks and the starvation of Gaza, while also holding banners commemorating Al Jazeera assassinated journalists and longtime prisoner Marwan Barghouti, as per Al Jazeera.

Meanwhile, the Israeli military said that its air force intercepted a rocket launched from the central Gaza Strip towards an open area in the Gaza envelope, Al Jazeera reported. (ANI)

Disclaimer: This news article is a direct feed from ANI and has not been edited by the News Nation team. The news agency is solely responsible for its content.


18. ESPN Makes Shocking Decision On Highly Anticipated Colin Kaepernick Documentary That No One Wants To Hear

ESPN has made a surprising decision on a planned documentary on Colin Kaepernick that fans will not be happy to hear.

The former San Francisco 49ers quarterback last played in the NFL in 2016 but remains hopeful of a return to the league. He was said to be planning his comeback this summer, putting teams on notice.

Kap is also looking to tell his story and struck a deal with The Worldwide Leader in Sports on an eight-part documentary, with Spike Lee set to direct the project. However, it appears the deal has fallen through.

"ESPN, Colin Kaepernick and Spike Lee have collectively decided to no longer proceed with this project as a result of certain creative differences," ESPN said in a statement to Reuters.com this weekend.

ESPN is taking some heat online following news of their decision, with some attributing NFL influence.

"There's another example of the NFL colluding to railroad a player," added a third.

"bro is even blackballed from documentaries now 😭😭😭," someone wrote.

Of course, the show could get picked up by another company, but the NFL has influence just about everywhere now when it comes to streaming.


19. Shooting in a crowded New York club leaves 3 dead, 9 wounded

NEW YORK (AP) -- A club shooting in the New York City borough of Brooklyn early Sunday left three people dead and nine others wounded in a year of record low gun violence in the city.

Investigators believe up to four shooters opened fire at Taste of the City Lounge in Crown Heights after a dispute just before 3:30 a.m. The violence appeared to be gang-related, Police Commissioner Jessica Tisch told reporters.

There were no immediate arrests. At a news briefing, Tisch called the killings "a tragic, senseless act of violence."

The crime is the second mass shooting within weeks in New York City during a year that has otherwise seen declining gun violence. On July 29, a man stalked through a Manhattan office tower with a rifle, wounding one person and killing four others. A New York City police officer was among those who died.

Mayor Eric Adams said both shootings reinforce "why we do this work of going after guns off our streets."

"This is the second within weeks, and we don't want this to turn into a normal course of doing business of violence in our city," he said.

Those wounded Sunday were being treated at hospitals for non-life-threatening injuries, Tisch said. The ages of the victims range from 19 to 61. A 19-year-old man died at the scene and two other men -- ages 35 and 27 -- died after being transported to a hospital.

Investigators found at least 42 shell casings from 9 mm and .45-caliber weapons and a firearm in a nearby street.

Adams said crisis management teams had been mobilized to provide trauma services and facilitate mediation efforts with the victims' friends and families to try to stop any retaliation. He asked members of the public who might have information about the shooting to help investigators by calling NYPD's crime stoppers line, 800-577-TIPS.

"If you were inside the club, if you heard individuals talking about this shooting, if you witnessed someone fleeing the location, every piece of information will allow us to put the puzzle together," Adams said.

Tisch said the city has reported the lowest number of shootings and shooting victims on record during the first seven months of 2025.

"Something like this is, of course, thank God, an anomaly and it's a terrible thing that happened this morning, but we're going to investigate and get to the bottom of what went down," she said.

Willingham contributed reporting from Boston.


20. Teen Wants to Keep Late Dad's Last Name After Mom's New Marriage, but She Says It Sends the Wrong Message

The teen, however, says he wants to honor his late father by keeping the original name

A teenager turns to the Reddit community for advice following ongoing tension in his blended family over his last name.

The 16-year-old, who shares his story on the popular platform, reveals that he's the only member of his household who doesn't use the family's hyphenated name -- and he doesn't plan to start anytime soon.

"My mom has asked me about 5 times since she remarried to change my last name but I still say no," he writes, noting that he only uses his dad's last name, "Doe," rather than the new one combining the two households, "Jones-Smith."

His resistance to adopting the hyphenated name has caused strain with his mother and stepfather, especially since everyone else in the house -- including his half and stepsiblings -- embraces the combined identity.

Giving more context, the teen noted that his parents split when he was a toddler and his dad died when he was 7. His mom remarried when he was 11, bringing her new husband and his three kids into the picture, who mostly stay with them rather than their biological mother.

The last name issue came to a head shortly after the marriage, when his mom chose to keep her surname to match her younger children. "Instead they hyphenated both and some of the kids changed theirs too," he writes. "The others didn't but they use the family name anyway."

While the poster didn't want to change their last name, they offered to make the hyphenated option their "middle name," but their mom still wasn't satisfied.

"She said she didn't like me being the only person not connected in and rejecting the family name," he writes. "She told me that she knows I don't really like her husband... but he's a good guy and a better dad than my half siblings dads."

The teen, however, stands firm in honoring the name he shares with his late father. "I told her I was good and I wanted to keep using my name," he writes, noting that his father was also a good man and was in his life "until he died."

Things escalated during a family outing when they attended a workshop and were asked to create "family crests." He made one for his last name while everyone else did one for the hyphenated name.

His stepfather told him that he "should've done one" for the family name, too, because "it was a family experience." When his mom asked if he "wanted to go back and do another one," he declined.

That night, tensions boiled over. His mother and her husband confronted him again about his choice to stick with his dad's last name. "They told me I don't need to be so rigid about the name and that never using it just makes it look like I hate all of them," he shares.

According to the teen, things got more intense when his mother reminded him she could have legally changed his name without his input. "Mom told me she could have changed my name without my permission but she tried to work with me and I spat in her face right back," he says. "I told her I could just change it back eventually if she had done that."

That response didn't sit well with them. "They looked upset that I said it but it's true," he continues, noting that they insisted his choosing the other last name was a "bad" thing.

Regardless, many commenters sided with the teen, pointing out that it's his name and his choice.

One Redditor wrote, "NTA, it's your name, apart from the legacy of your father who you've loved and who has loved you from your words, it's also a huge hassle to change the name on all official documents and stuff like that."

The original poster adds that he's also heard how legally "risky" name changes can be in general. "I've also heard it's really risky now to change your name multiple times," he writes. "And I would always change it back eventually if mom had mine changed against my wishes."

Never miss a story -- sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

He finishes his post by standing his ground and questioning the emotional weight others have placed on a name he never wanted. "I'm not sure what it is that makes it such a risk/pain," he says. "But I see people talking about it and warning women getting married to keep their own names because of legal issues with changing them."

With his family pushing for unity through a shared name, the teen turns to Reddit simply asking: "AITA for never using the family last name and only using mine."


21. J.K. Simmons Took on a Different Type of Character in This Modern Masterpiece, and It Confirmed His Legendary Status

J.K. Simmons's critically acclaimed performance in Whiplash exemplified the difference between artists who simply get by with their gifted talents and those who break the rules to push the music. His Academy Award win for Best Supporting Actor was a defining moment in a career filled with scene-stealing character work and landmark ensemble television shows. But as loud and brash as he was in his portrayal of a hardened jazz instructor, Simmons's role as the titular character's stern but caring father in Juno was another Oscar-worthy moment for the actor.

Juno was the second collaboration between Simmons and director Jason Reitman, who had previously worked with the star in his debut feature, Thank You for Smoking. In Juno, the Diablo Cody-penned screenplay about the trials and tribulations of a pregnant teenager won the novice writer the Oscar for Best Original Screenplay as well as nominations for Reitman and star Elliot Page. Though Simmons takes a backseat to Juno's central players, led by Page, Michael Cera, Jennifer Garner, and Jason Bateman, the actor's character of Mac MacGuff added a subtle but significant layer to the title character's emotional dilemma.

Why J.K. Simmons Plays the Concerned Dad Different From Other Pregnancy-Themed Comedies

Movies dealing with unwanted pregnancies, such as For Keeps, Nine Months, and Knocked Up, often play up such sensitive subject matter with big laughs and melodramatic irony. Juno lands somewhere in the middle with Reitman taking a deadpan approach to Cody's material without ever feeling like an after-school special. Simmons, alongside Allison Janney as Mac's second wife, Bren, is never portrayed as an overly concerned parental archetype. Both actors project Cody's sharp dialogue like a natural working-class Minnesota couple. Their chemistry together is practical, sharing the same straight-to-the-point attitude without all the melodramatic theatrics, making them feel like a believable couple on screen.

Simmons's role as Mac, in particular, breaks past the cliché of the conventional moment of a teen revealing their pregnancy to their parents. Rather than get overly emotional about the shocking news, Mac cuts through any true tension by being more surprised that Juno was impregnated by the geeky rocker Paulie (Cera) while still sharing some disapproval with his ending line, "I thought you were the kind of girl who knew when to say when." Mac is not the type of father who disowns his kid for acting without understanding the consequences. His reaction is realistic: The deed is done. Now we support Juno's next step.

A driving force in Juno's narrative goes further than an underage girl carrying a baby. The question of stability remains constant as Juno wants her child to be raised in a loving household without dysfunction. She believes that such stability is found in the upper-middle-class home that Garner and Bateman occupy, which contrasts with the cluttered MacGuff house. Mac is established in the tale as a former-army dad just making the best out of his air conditioner business to support a non-traditional family. His offbeat affection for Juno and his marriage to a brash personality like Bren exemplify that real stability is not about how much money you have, but working through life's hurdles as a united family, one step at a time.

The 'Juno' Scene That Should Have Given J.K. Simmons an Oscar Nomination Close

Simmons does not need to deliver hard-hitting monologues or oversell Mac's fear of becoming a grandparent too soon in life. The actor brings his simplicity as a working-class man whose life experiences add to Juno's arc. He knows when to maneuver from his laid-back brand of comedy in scenes like the awkward conversation with Garner's attorney and when to deliver on the tender moments, like when he soothily reassures Juno she did the right thing after giving birth. Throughout the film's running time, Simmons never comes across as being harsh or preachy; every one of his scenes is always filled with warmth.

In a moment that easily had Oscar potential written all over it, Simmons's Mac comforts Juno in the house kitchen alone following the sad reveal of her unborn child's potential adoptive parents' planning to separate. Simmons displays rare warmth from his usual aggressive, authoritative roles and goes for a subtle, common-sense delivery of sentiments that speak to Juno's insecurities as a young woman. His wise words about finding the right person to love drive home the movie's central theme, that true partnership is about accepting the imperfections of the relationship, which guides Juno to make decisions that come from the heart.

Simmons's performance in Juno is one of the main reasons that the Oscar winner remains a consistent muse in Reitman's filmography. His mix of dry sarcasm and parental warmth in the limited amount of screentime he has in Juno brings grounded life to the words that Cody put on the page.

Your Rating close 10 stars 9 stars 8 stars 7 stars 6 stars 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Rate Now 0/10 Like Juno PG-13 Comedy Drama 8.8/10 Release Date December 25, 2007 Runtime 96 minutes Director Jason Reitman Cast See All Jason Bateman Michael Cera Where to watch Close WHERE TO WATCH Streaming

Writers Diablo Cody Powered by Expand Collapse


22. 657 killed, 929 injured in rain-related incidents across Pakistan since June 26

Islamabad [Pakistan], August 18 (ANI): At least 657 people, including 392 men, have died due to rain-related incidents across Pakistan since June 26, while 929 others have been injured, according to Pakistan National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), ARY News reported on Monday.

Of the total fatalities, 171 were children and 94 were women. Among the injured, 437 were men, 256 children, and 236 women.

The NDMA said the casualties were caused by torrential monsoon rains, flash floods, and related hazards, adding that it was coordinating with provincial authorities to intensify relief and rescue operations in the worst-hit areas.

The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) province has suffered the heaviest losses, with 390 deaths -- including 288 men, 59 children, and 43 women. KP also reported 245 injured (161 men, 45 children, and 39 women), as per ARY News.

Pakistan Punjab has recorded 164 deaths since June 26, with children forming the largest share of victims. The fatalities include 70 children, 63 men, and 31 women. The province also reported 582 injured (225 men, 182 women, and 175 children).

In Pakistan-occupied Gilgit-Baltistan (PoGB), at least 32 people died, including 18 men, six women, and eight children, while 31 others were injured (27 men, 3 children, and one woman).

Sindh reported 28 deaths, including 14 children, 10 men, and four women. Forty people were injured, among them 27 children, seven men, and six women.

Balochistan province confirmed 20 fatalities -- 11 children, five men, and four women -- and four injuries (two men, one woman, and one child), as per ARY News.

Pakistan-occupied Jammu and Kashmir region reported 15 deaths, evenly split between five men, five women, and five children. PoJK also recorded 24 injuries (15 men, six women, and three children), as reported by ARY News.

The Islamabad Capital Territory (ICT), the federal capital, reported eight deaths -- four children, three men, and one woman -- along with three injuries (two children and one woman). (ANI)

Disclaimer: This news article is a direct feed from ANI and has not been edited by the News Nation team. The news agency is solely responsible for its content.


23. Buffalo Supermarket Shooter Who Targeted Black People Wants Federal Charges Dropped Because Jury Was Too White

Lawyers for Payton Gendron argued that the federal charges should be dropped because there were not enough Black people on the jury that convicted him.

On Aug. 14, Lawyers for Payton Gendron argued that the federal charges against their client should be dropped because there were not enough Black people or other minority groups on the jury that convicted him, arguing that the white supremacist's constitutional rights were violated as a result.

According to NBC News, U.S. District Judge Lawrence Vilardo noted that their objection to a lack of Black and other people of color seemed to him "a little incongruous" considering their client is accused in a hate crime case. Gendron's federal charges are separate from the state charges which he was convicted of in 2022.

Gendron is currently serving eight life sentences and could face the death penalty if he is convicted on federal charges in the trial slated to begin in June 2026.

As attorney John Elmore told the outlet, it seems like his lawyers are doing whatever they can to keep him alive. He also noted that the issue they are pointing to is prevalent in the American criminal justice system.

"It is very ironic that attention to this problem is being brought out in this case, where Payton Gendron committed a racially motivated homicide," Elmore told reporters by phone after the hearing. "But this has been a persistent problem in our courts that needs to be addressed."

According to Gendron's lawyers, Black people, Latinx people, and men are "systemically and significantly underrepresented" in the lists created for jurors to be selected from.

"To illustrate this point, the grand jury that indicted Payton Gendron was drawn from a pool from which approximately one third of the Black persons expected and one third of the Hispanic/Latino persons expected," they argued.

According to Assistant U.S. Attorney Caitlin Higgins, the issue is a "technical violation" and doesn't rise to the evidence necessary to completely dismiss the indictment.

Notably, Gendron's lawyers have previously challenged the demographic composition of his federal jury, in April, they filed a motion to move the trial to New York City so that it could be tried by a racially diverse, impartial jury.

Additionally, as a result of their concerns over the jury selection process, the lawyers also requested that the death penalty be removed as a potential punishment. Judge Villardo denied the latter request, but has not decided whether or not he will move the trial to New York City or not.

According to that request from his lawyers, "due to the overwhelming amount of pretrial publicity, combined with the impact of this case on Buffalo's segregated communities of color, it is impossible for Payton Gendron to select a fair and impartial jury in the Western District of New York."

They continued, arguing that New York City is "far enough from the local media market to be less impacted by it" and furthermore, "the S.D.N.Y. also has sufficient minority representation that has not been directly impacted by the shooting and its aftermath that a diverse and representative jury should be able to be selected."

According to ABC News, the families of some of the victims, like Wayne Jones, the son of 65-year-old victim Celestine Chaney, are vehemently opposed to moving the trial.

"What could you really call a 'fair trial' and you're on video doing it?" Jones told ABC News, in reference to the livestream video of the mass shooting that Gendron recorded. "We all know you did it. You already pleaded guilty once."

He continued, "The only way you could watch that video and not give him the death penalty is if you're really against it. The only way you could watch that video and not give him the death penalty is if you're really against itI want him to stay here so I can see the trial. In New York City, we wouldn't be able to go to the trial."


24. 'We Miss Her Madly': Famed Bodybuilder, Life Coach Dies Unexpectedly At 37

Her family in her obituary said McNeff's passing was "unexpected but peaceful."

McNeff grew up in Concord, Massachusetts, and graduated from Concord-Carlisle High School before attending the University of Massachusetts Amherst. From a young age, she excelled in a wide range of sports -- equestrian, board diving, and skiing -- before turning her focus to bodybuilding, according to her obituary

She went on to win multiple state titles in Maryland and Delaware and earned recognition in the 2005 documentary "Raising the Bar," which explored the demanding world of competitive bodybuilding.

Her obituary called her a "lifelong athlete" who achieved "the highest success that sector offered."

McNeff's father Dave called his daughter "determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," and her resume backs that up.

"Hayley was like a beam of light in this world. She had boundless energy and was very determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," he told People magazine. "She set her sights on bodybuilding and fitness and achieved the highest success that sector offered. She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

McNeff was remembered for her personality as much as her accomplishments. According to her obituary, she was known for her "quick wit" and "constant sense of humor." It continued, "She had a gift for making those around her laugh and feel welcomed. Her energy and determination was a constant in her life and she always accomplished what she set out to achieve. She treasured her friendships and nurtured strong, lasting relationships with those who knew her best."

Her family added, "She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

Click here to follow Daily Voice Northern Highlands and receive free news updates.


25. After 'Freakier Friday,' Chad Michael Murray Should Reunite With His Other Teen Idol Co-Star

Chad Michael Murray is back in Freakier Friday and reigniting every millennial's teen dream. He reprised his role as Jake alongside Lindsay Lohan and Jamie Lee Curtis, bringing back one of the top teen movies of the early 2000s. Murray's career was built on his status as a teen heartthrob from Freaky Friday, One Tree Hill, and the beloved Hilary Duff movie A Cinderella Story, and his recent turn in Freakier Friday proved he has not lost the charm or charisma that earned him that image. With Hollywood bringing back classics with sequel installments, is it time for Murray to return for A Cinderella Story sequel? No, this isn't about Another Cinderella Story with Selena Gomez, but a real sequel bringing back Sam Montgomery (Duff), Austin Ames (Murray), Fiona (Jennifer Coolidge), and even Carter (Dan Byrd). Millennials are in dire need of feeling the spark of teen rom-coms like back in the day, and A Cinderella Story is the next contender.

What is 'A Cinderella Story' About?

The 2004 movie follows Sam Montgomery as she recounts her childhood, living with a single father who owns a local diner. Everything changes when her father meets Fiona and falls in love. Following in the footsteps of Cinderella, Sam gains an evil stepmother and her two twin daughters. But tragedy strikes again when the San Fernando Valley is hit by an earthquake, resulting in the death of her father. With no will, Fiona becomes the owner of the house, diner, and Sam. Fast-forward, and Sam is now in high school, working long hours at the diner to appease Fiona and to save money to go to Princeton. Her only solace is one day leaving her evil stepmother behind and a secret admirer from a Princeton chat room named "Nomad."

The two finally decide to meet at the school's annual Halloween Ball. While Fiona thwarts her plans to go, Sam finds a way with the help of her friends and learns "Nomad" is none other than Austin Ames, the most popular guy in school. She and Austin share a magical moment, but when the clock strikes twelve, she leaves him behind and accidentally drops her cellphone. With Sam having hidden her identity behind a mask, he does everything possible to uncover who she is. As Austin tries to discover her identity, Sam battles self-doubt, pressure from her home life, and if she fits into Austin's world.

'A Cinderella Story' Sequel Could Focus on a High School Reunion Close

Not all fairytales are perfect, and a sequel installment to the teen rom-com would have to focus on Sam and Austin reuniting after so many years apart. At the end of the original movie, she and Austin drive off into the sunset to attend Princeton together. But what if their relationship didn't work out, and they drifted apart? The sequel could take place years after Princeton, with Sam and Austin now adults with careers. Maybe Austin did become a writer like he always dreamed, or didn't. The opportunity could arise for Sam, Austin, and the main characters to attend their high school reunion and explore how their relationships have changed.. The sequel could easily tie in with the diner from A Cinderella Story by having Sam face the dilemma of whether it is time to give it up and move on, or for her to return to her hometown and take it over. It could very well be that Sam lives in the big city and is at the top of her career when she gets the news that the diner is in financial trouble and returns home just in time for the reunion.

The high school reunion is a bonus to the storyline and a chance to develop the relationship between Sam and Austin. What happened while at Princeton? Do they still have feelings for each other when they meet again? A Cinderella Story sequel would push Sam to decide if the life she built away from home is where she belongs, or if it's back with Austin and the diner. For an added twist, the sequel could add a new, fresh love interest to rival Murray's character. There's no denying that Murray's role as Austin was the subject of many dreams for teen fans during the 2000s. His return in the sequel would give those same fans a new version of Austin to swoon over, the same way fans are swooning over Jake in Freakier Friday. Giving Sam a love triangle would up the ante and divide fans between old familiar love and new love.

The Original Cast Members Could Easily Return for a Sequel

A Cinderella Story ends with Sam leaving the diner in the hands of Rhonda (Regina King) and the original staff she grew up with. There's no denying that King's character added necessary charm and was a parental figure to Sam. With Sam returning to the diner in a potential sequel storyline, Rhonda would be an essential figure. Perhaps she's retiring or facing her own crossroads, unsure of whether to sell the diner or let it slowly fade in a changing town. Her call to Sam isn't just about business -- it's about legacy. Meanwhile, Jennifer Coolidge would get a second go at Fiona, one of the most delightfully horrible characters she's ever played, and have a lot to answer for. After all, her late husband did have a hidden will that proved Sam was the rightful owner of everything, a fact she kept from her for years. To top off the continued drama, a sequel could bring back the twins, queen bee Shelby Cummings (Julie Gonzalo), Sam's best friend Carter, and the rest of the supporting cast.

With Freakier Friday delivering nostalgia and Murray back in his heartthrob role, A Cinderella Story sequel seems like the next movie ripe for a revival. One that would resonate with millennials who grew up on the original movie, and newcomers alike. The reunion setting offers the perfect blend of comedy, awkward nostalgia, and real emotional growth, while the diner storyline grounds the fairytale in something personal and authentic. Maybe the sequel will even bring back the iconic kiss in the rain.

Your Rating close 10 stars 9 stars 8 stars 7 stars 6 stars 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Rate Now 0/10 Like A Cinderella Story PG Comedy Family Romance Release Date July 16, 2004 Runtime 96 minutes Director Mark Rosman Writers Leigh Dunlap Where to watch Close WHERE TO WATCH Streaming

A Cinderella Story follows Samantha Montgomery, a teenager enduring mistreatment from her stepmother, as she finds solace in an anonymous online relationship. Anticipating a meeting with her mysterious internet admirer at a school dance, Samantha navigates the challenges of her everyday reality while hoping for a transformative encounter.

Cast Hilary Duff, Chad Michael Murray, Jennifer Coolidge, Dan Byrd, Regina King, Julie Gonzalo, Lin Shaye, Madeline Zima, Andrea Avery, Mary Pat Gleason, Paul Rodriguez, Whip Hubley, Kevin Kilner, Erica Hubbard, Simon Helberg, Brad Bufanda, J. D. Pardo, Aimee-Lynn Chadwick, Kady Cole, Hannah Robinson Main Genre Romance Powered by Expand Collapse


26. Hayden Christensen and Daughter Briar Rose's 7th-Inning Stretch Duet Gets Interrupted by Jet at Chicago Cubs Game

On Aug. 15, the actor and Briar Rose serenaded attendees with "Take Me Out to the Ballgame" at the game against the Pirates

Hayden Christensen and his daughter shared a sweet bonding moment at a recent Chicago Cubs game.

The actor, 44, and his daughter, Briar Rose Christensen, serenaded attendees with "Take Me Out to the Ballgame" at the Cubs game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field in Chicago on Friday, Aug. 15.

Hayden and his 10-year-old daughter, whom he shares with ex Rachel Bilson, sang the 7th-inning stretch song song while decked in Cubs attire, as seen in a Major League Baseball video shared on Instagram.

The Star Wars star counted down from three and encouraged the crowd to sing along before they began their performance. At the end, he said, "All right now, let's get some runs!"

A jet unexpectedly interrupted the performance early on as it flew overhead and released blue smoke.

In response to the moment, the MLB shared the clip with the caption, "Gives 'I couldn't find a speeder that I really liked' a whole new meaning," in reference to Hayden's Star Wars role as Anakin Skywalker.

"[They] had their own special (unplanned) flyover," the caption added.

Hayden also threw the ceremonial first pitch at the game.

Hayden and Bilson welcomed their daughter on Oct. 29, 2014. The couple began dating after they met on the set of the 2008 film Jumper. They ended their relationship in 2017.

In July 2024, Bilson exclusively told PEOPLE that "everything's good" when it comes to co-parenting with Hayden.

"Everything's in a really good place. She is so beautifully flourishing and has the support completely surrounding her from every side," she shared.

Never miss a story -- sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human-interest stories.

The mom also opened up about her favorite part of watching Briar Rose grow up.

"You know what I love? She is kind and that's the best thing that you can hear or want for your kid. And even other parents have shared that and that makes me very proud," Bilson said.


27. Japan Set to Approve First Yen-Pegged Stablecoin

Japan will approve its first yen-pegged stablecoin this fall, boosting innovation, remittances, and blockchain adoption under strict FSA oversight.

Japan's Financial Services Agency (FSA) is set to approve the issuance of a yen-pegged stablecoin as early as this fall. This marks a historic moment, as it will be the first time Japan allows a domestic fiat-backed digital currency. The relocation is supposed to increase financial innovation in the nation. It represents the increasing interest of Japan in blockchain technology.

Passing over to the specifics, this rollout will be headed by Tokyo-based fintech company JPYC. According to The Nikkei report, JPYC will set up a money transfer business registration in the month. This registration is one of the main steps on the way to the launch of the stablecoins. The company is planning to launch a digital currency that is pegged to the Japanese yen. It will ease transactions and make them more accessible.

In addition, the decision of the FSA enables users to associate stablecoins with legal tender, including the yen. These are digital assets whose use of blockchain is analogous to that of cryptocurrencies. The stablecoin industry, largely of dollar-based stablecoins, has been expanding to over 25 billion USD, or approximately 37 trillion yen. The application of these stablecoins in Japan shall be for international remittances. This would save money and increase the pace of cross-border payments.

Going forward, JPYC stablecoin will be pegged 1:1 with yen. This makes it less likely to experience high volatility that is experienced in cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin. The firm has to place 101 percent of the issued capital in liquid forms within a span of a week. This is a requirement by the FSA that safeguards the users against financial risks. It also develops confidence in the new system.

Additionally, this approval aligns with Japan's efforts to modernize its economy. The nation has been formulating digital asset regulations over the years. The rollout will be under the control of the sandbox framework of the FSA. This conservative strategy is designed to avoid fraud and ensure a stable market. It establishes a great base for expansion in the future.

Related Reading: Japan's Second-Largest Bank to Test Stablecoin Platform in 2025 | Live Bitcoin News

Moving to the impact, the launch may bring international fintech companies to Japan. A big target is international remittances, which carry high fees in most cases. These transactions may become cheaper and faster with the use of stablecoins. To illustrate, this could be of great help to workers who remit their funds back home. This may improve the position of Japan in the international financial world.

In addition, the authorization procedure has been exhaustive. The FSA sought the opinion of professionals and companies before its decision. Concerns were also addressed based on the feedback of the public. Consequently, the framework strikes the right balance between innovation and security. This prudent planning makes the launch smooth.

Meanwhile, if it is successful, Japan's stablecoin could inspire other nations. The implementation is likely to start within the next few months. This is one of the progressive efforts that shows the Indian leadership in financial technology in Japan.

To sum up, the legality of yen-pegged stablecoins in Japan is a paradigm shift. It creates possibilities for remittances and economic growth. The country is prepared to welcome this digital future with JPYC at the forefront. The control of FSA guarantees a safe transition for everyone involved.


28. Beloved Superman and Priscilla: Queen of the Desert star dies aged 87

The London-born actor starred opposite Christopher Reeve's Superman as villain Gerneral Zod, in the popular films, released in the 1970s. Stamp famously starred in hit, Priscilla: Queen of the Desert in 1994.

Stamp famously played a transgender woman Bernadette in the hit film.

Know the news with the 7NEWS app: Download today

The actor's family announced his death on Sunday, with the cause of death not known.

"He leaves behind an extraordinary body of work, both as an actor and as a writer that will continue to touch and inspire people for years to come," the family statement said.

Stamp called his role in Priscilla one of the best of his career.

He said: "It was only when I got there, and got through the fear, that it became one of the great experiences of my whole career."

Stamp started his acting career on the stage in the 1950s. He acted in repertory theatre, where he met Michael Caine.

The pair lived in a flat in central London, as they looked for their big break.

Stamp got his big break on Billy Budd in 1962, based on Herman Melville's seafaring novel. The role got him an Oscar nomination and a Golden Globe for Most Promising Newcomer.

He went on to play a dark-haired psychopath who loves butterflies in 1965's The Collector.

In his personal life, he had high-profile romances with British supermodel Jean Shrimpton. In 2002, he married Elizabeth O'Rourke, a 29-year-old Australian pharmacist.

However, they divorced in 2008.

Stamp was born in London's East End, to Thomas Stamp, a tugboat operator with the Merchant Navy, and mother, Ethel.

"When I asked for career guidance at school, they recommended bricklaying as a good, regular job," Stamp said in a 2011 interview with the Irish newspaper The Sunday Business Post.

"Although someone did think I might make a good Woolworths' manager."


29. Singapore Export Data On Tap For Monday

TOKYO (dpa-AFX) - Singapore will on Monday release July figures for non-oil domestic exports, highlighting a light day for Asia-Pacific economic activity. In June, NODX was up 14.3 percent on month and 13.0 percent on year.

New Zealand will see July results for the Performance of Services Index from BusinessNZ; in June, the index score was 47.3.

Japan will see June data for its tertiary industry activity index; in May, the reading was -1.10.

Thailand is scheduled to release Q2 numbers for gross domestic product starting on Monday; in the three months prior, GDP was up 0.7 percent on quarter and 3.1 percent on year.

Copyright(c) 2025 RTTNews.com. All Rights Reserved

Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX© 2025 AFX News


30. 'We Miss Her Madly': Famed Bodybuilder, Life Coach Dies Unexpectedly At 37

Her family in her obituary said McNeff's passing was "unexpected but peaceful."

McNeff grew up in Concord, Massachusetts, and graduated from Concord-Carlisle High School before attending the University of Massachusetts Amherst. From a young age, she excelled in a wide range of sports -- equestrian, board diving, and skiing -- before turning her focus to bodybuilding, according to her obituary

She went on to win multiple state titles in Maryland and Delaware and earned recognition in the 2005 documentary "Raising the Bar," which explored the demanding world of competitive bodybuilding.

Her obituary called her a "lifelong athlete" who achieved "the highest success that sector offered."

McNeff's father Dave called his daughter "determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," and her resume backs that up.

"Hayley was like a beam of light in this world. She had boundless energy and was very determined to achieve whatever she set out to do," he told People magazine. "She set her sights on bodybuilding and fitness and achieved the highest success that sector offered. She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

McNeff was remembered for her personality as much as her accomplishments. According to her obituary, she was known for her "quick wit" and "constant sense of humor." It continued, "She had a gift for making those around her laugh and feel welcomed. Her energy and determination was a constant in her life and she always accomplished what she set out to achieve. She treasured her friendships and nurtured strong, lasting relationships with those who knew her best."

Her family added, "She loved us and we love Hayley very much, we miss her madly."

Click here to follow Daily Voice Mahwah-Ramsey and receive free news updates.


🇺🇸 USA MARKET NEWS
----------------------------------------

1. Former Turkish Airlines employee laundered money for US drug traffickers - Nordic Monitor

A former Turkish Airlines employee, now a naturalized US citizen, has been convicted in New York for orchestrating cryptocurrency-based money laundering schemes on behalf of drug traffickers, exploiting Turkish networks and financial channels.

The case underscores Turkey's emergence as a pivotal hub for money laundering operations linked to organized crime and narcotics networks, with their reach extending across the Atlantic to US soil.

Mustafa Göklü, 53, who was born and grew up in Turkey, worked for Turkish Airlines in Germany before immigrating to the United States. After his arrival, he married long-time girl friend and current Turkish Airlines employee Tuğba Gündüz Göklü, who still works in the company's code-share department.

Göklü, who adopted the name Michael after obtaining US citizenship in 2014, founded a cryptocurrency exchange in New York under the corporate name Mustangy Corp USA. Along with running a limousine service for high-end clients and importing goods from Turkey for resale, he pursued wealth through cryptocurrency investments, offering exchange services at rates well above the commercial market to dubious actors, including drug traffickers.

Wiretap recordings reveal illegal cryptocurrency and cash transactions between Mustafa Göklü and an undercover DEA agent:

According to federal investigators, he leveraged his company to launder illicit proceeds for dozens of clients, channeling funds through both Turkish and American banks.

The case traces back to July 2018, when the US Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) identified Göklü after he advertised on LocalBitcoins.com, offering to exchange Bitcoin for cash of up to $99,999.

An undercover agent posing as a drug trafficker responded, quickly making Göklü the target of a sting operation. Wiretap and surveillance records indicate that Göklü repeatedly met with the agent, exchanging Bitcoin for substantial cash sums, while the agent explicitly confirmed that the funds were proceeds from narcotics sales, including oxycodone and Adderall.

He charged a 7-8 percent commission on each transaction, well above standard market rates, and occasionally brought a money-counting machine to meetings to expedite the exchanges. Göklü utilized a peer-to-peer exchange network that bypassed identity verification requirements such as a driver's license, Social Security number, date of birth, real name and proof of address unlike commercial platforms such as Coinbase

By operating in this manner, Göklü believed he was concealing his tracks and maintaining the anonymity of his clients. Unbeknownst to him, he was in fact dealing with a DEA agent, which ultimately exposed the structure of his business to federal investigators.

During certain meetings, Göklü appeared jittery, constantly looking for vehicles with tinted windows or even homeless people, fearing they might be covert police surveillance. He tried to avoid Manhattan, wary of the large network of public and private security cameras.

In one meeting, he asked how much capital would be required to personally profit from the drug trade. In another meeting, he revealed that one of his business partners had already been arrested in Manhattan after exchanging $50,000 worth of Bitcoin with a drug dealer.

Wiretapped conversations revealed that Göklü maintained substantial cash deposits in Turkey, leveraging Turkish banks to facilitate cryptocurrency exchanges abroad. He acknowledged that US banks had grown wary of his frequent transfers, compelling him to adopt evasive tactics while keeping a low profile.

By day, Göklü worked as a limousine driver, but his primary activity involved cryptocurrency exchanges, moving tens of thousands of dollars in each transaction. Court filings further revealed that he maintained corporate ties in Turkey, relied on Turkish bank accounts for documentation and had extensive family connections in both Turkey and Germany. These international links enabled him to operate across jurisdictions with relative ease.

Mustafa Göklü incorporated a company under the name Mustangy Corp USA with the New York State authorities:

In April 2019 Göklü was indicted for money laundering and operating an unlicensed money transmitting business. A New York jury convicted him in October 2022. He was sentenced in March 2024 to 16 months in prison and released on March 4, 2025, according to the Federal Bureau of Prisons.

During his hearings, Göklü maintained his innocence, denying any involvement in laundering money for drug traffickers, while his attorney argued that cryptocurrency exchanges did not require licensing under New York state law. Nevertheless, none of these defenses prevented his conviction.

During sentencing, the judge emphasized that the undercover DEA agent consistently told Göklü the funds were drug proceeds. "Certainly the jury had ample reason to find that he was willingly and knowingly laundering money and running an unlicensed transmitting business," the judge said, noting that Göklü simply "didn't care."

Göklü's case highlights how Turkey's financial and corporate systems are routinely exploited by international criminals, including drug traffickers. Over the past decade Turkey has become a magnet for wanted fugitives, who have obtained residence and even citizenship while conducting illegal operations.

Critics argue that the Turkish government under President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, along with its far-right ally, the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP), which maintains close ties to organized crime syndicates, has not only tolerated such activities but also shielded perpetrators from legal repercussions in exchange for bribes and financial gain.


2. 5 States Switch to Safer SNAP Cards to Fight Fraud

Five states are trying to minimize fraud in the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, which feeds about 40 million people nationwide.

The criminals steal funds by installing fake card readers in public places, phishing scams, and more. Once someone else swipes their card in the fake card reader, the criminals can copy the card information and sell it on the dark web.

Five states: Alabama, California, Maryland, New Jersey, and Oklahoma, are switching to chipped cards, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Criminals pilfer benefits meant for hungry families.

The state of California has received over 80,000 complaints for stolen benefits from the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program from fiscal year 2023-2025, according to a dashboard managed by the United States Department of Agriculture.

More than 4.4 Californians have been issued a chipped Electronic Benefit Transfer card as of April 29, according to California's health department. California received 85,978 reports of stolen benefits - nearly $40 million worth - and paid 67,681 of them, or about $28 million.

Four states got scammed the most, according to the dashboard.

In May, the federal government busted a $66 million SNAP fraud ring in New York. Criminals bribed a federal agent to give inside access to steal welfare from poor people.

Last week, an illegal immigrant pleaded guilty to stealing half-a-million dollars of SNAP benefits from California.

In some cases, states have caught employees stealing from the food fund for poor people. In January, seven Texas state employees were fired for allegedly stealing from the food fund.

In August, Michigan state employees have also been accused of stealing benefits meant for the poor.

In response to fraud in the SNAP program, the federal government plans to shift a substantial portion of the SNAP cost onto states.

In 2024, the national payment error rate for fiscal year 2024 is 10.93%.

This metric measures how accurately states determine eligibility and payment amounts. The USDA will require a corrective action plan for states with error rates at or above the 6% threshold.

About 44 states must submit and execute corrective action plans for fiscal year 2024. Further, states with continually high error rates - above the national average two consecutive years - are held financially responsible. Five states are in a multiple year liability status and will be assessed a fiscal sanction.

"Since the start of the Trump Administration, USDA's Food and Nutrition Service has been aggressively working to help states lower their error rates, and we expect all states to step up their accountability and integrity measures," FNS Administrator James C. Miller said in a statement. "FNS is fully committed to providing states the tools, expertise, and support they need to deliver SNAP benefits accurately, on time, and only to those who are lawfully eligible."

FNS administers 16 nutrition assistance programs designed to combat hunger and promote healthy outcomes for children and vulnerable families across America.

Starting next year, the Trump administration will ban the residents of 12 states from using SNAP benefits to buy soda and junk food.


3. From Solar to Wind: 12 Renewable Energy Trends to Watch This Year - fundsforNGOs

In recent years, offshore wind farms have emerged as a significant player in the renewable energy landscape. These installations, which harness the power of wind over bodies of water, have gained traction due to their ability to generate substantial amounts of electricity while minimizing land use conflicts. Countries like Denmark, the United Kingdom, and Germany have led the charge, investing heavily in offshore wind technology.

The vast expanses of ocean provide an ideal environment for wind turbines, where stronger and more consistent winds can be harnessed compared to their onshore counterparts. This has resulted in a surge of interest from both governments and private investors, eager to capitalize on the potential of this clean energy source. The benefits of offshore wind farms extend beyond just energy production.

They also create jobs in manufacturing, installation, and maintenance, contributing to local economies. For instance, the construction of the Hornsea One project off the coast of Yorkshire, England, not only generated thousands of jobs but also stimulated local supply chains. Furthermore, offshore wind farms have a lower visual impact on communities compared to onshore installations, making them more politically palatable.

As technology continues to advance, with innovations such as floating wind turbines that can be deployed in deeper waters, the future of offshore wind energy looks promising. This sector is poised for exponential growth, with projections indicating that offshore wind could supply up to 30% of Europe's energy needs by 2030.

The solar energy sector has witnessed remarkable advancements in technology over the past decade, significantly enhancing the efficiency and affordability of solar panels. Innovations such as bifacial solar panels, which capture sunlight on both sides, and perovskite solar cells, which promise higher efficiency at lower costs, are revolutionizing the market. These developments not only improve energy output but also reduce the overall cost of solar installations, making renewable energy more accessible to a broader audience.

As a result, residential and commercial solar adoption has surged, with many homeowners opting for solar solutions to reduce their energy bills and carbon footprints. Moreover, the integration of artificial intelligence and machine learning into solar technology is optimizing energy production and consumption. Smart algorithms can predict energy generation based on weather patterns and adjust energy storage systems accordingly.

For example, companies like SunPower are utilizing AI to enhance their solar panel performance monitoring systems, allowing users to maximize their energy savings. As these technologies continue to evolve, they will play a crucial role in driving down costs and increasing the efficiency of solar energy systems worldwide. The combination of technological advancements and decreasing prices is expected to propel solar energy into a leading position in the global energy mix.

As renewable energy sources like wind and solar become more prevalent, the need for effective energy storage solutions has never been more critical. Energy storage technologies allow for the capture and retention of excess energy generated during peak production times for use during periods of low generation. This capability is essential for balancing supply and demand in an increasingly renewable-dominated grid.

Battery technologies, particularly lithium-ion batteries, have seen significant advancements in terms of capacity, efficiency, and cost-effectiveness. Companies like Tesla are at the forefront of this revolution with their Powerwall and Powerpack systems, which enable homeowners and businesses to store solar energy for later use. In addition to batteries, other forms of energy storage are gaining traction.

Pumped hydro storage remains one of the most widely used methods for large-scale energy storage, but new technologies such as compressed air energy storage (CAES) and flywheel systems are emerging as viable alternatives. These innovations not only enhance grid stability but also facilitate the integration of renewable energy sources into existing infrastructure. For instance, California has implemented various energy storage projects that allow for better management of its renewable resources, ensuring that excess solar power generated during the day can be utilized during peak evening hours when demand surges.

As these technologies continue to develop and scale, they will play a pivotal role in creating a resilient and sustainable energy future.

The landscape of renewable energy is heavily influenced by policy and regulatory frameworks established by governments around the world. Incentives such as tax credits, feed-in tariffs, and renewable portfolio standards have been instrumental in promoting the adoption of clean energy technologies. For example, the Investment Tax Credit (ITC) in the United States has significantly boosted solar installations by allowing homeowners and businesses to deduct a percentage of their solar system costs from their federal taxes.

Such policies not only encourage investment but also create a favorable environment for innovation within the renewable sector. However, policy landscapes can also pose challenges for renewable energy development. Regulatory hurdles can slow down project approvals or create uncertainty for investors.

In some regions, outdated regulations may not adequately accommodate new technologies or business models emerging in the renewable space. For instance, community solar projects often face bureaucratic obstacles that hinder their implementation despite their potential to democratize access to solar energy. To navigate these complexities, stakeholders must engage with policymakers to advocate for supportive regulations that foster growth while addressing environmental concerns.

By creating a collaborative dialogue between government entities and industry leaders, we can pave the way for a more sustainable energy future.

Community solar projects represent an innovative approach to expanding access to renewable energy for individuals who may not have the means or ability to install solar panels on their properties. These initiatives allow multiple participants to invest in or subscribe to a shared solar installation located off-site, enabling them to benefit from clean energy without needing personal installations. This model is particularly beneficial for renters or those living in multi-family housing units who may not have direct access to rooftop solar options.

One notable example is the Colorado Community Solar Gardens program, which has successfully launched numerous community solar projects across the state. These projects not only provide clean energy but also promote social equity by allowing low-income households to participate in renewable energy generation. By offering subscription models that reduce upfront costs and provide savings on electricity bills, community solar projects are democratizing access to renewable energy while fostering local engagement and investment in sustainable practices.

As awareness grows and more states adopt supportive policies for community solar initiatives, this model has the potential to significantly increase renewable energy adoption across diverse demographics.

Corporate investment plays a crucial role in driving the growth of renewable energy technologies and infrastructure. As companies increasingly recognize the importance of sustainability in their operations and brand image, many are committing substantial resources toward renewable energy projects. Tech giants like Google and Apple have made headlines by pledging to power their operations with 100% renewable energy.

These commitments not only reduce their carbon footprints but also stimulate demand for clean energy sources, encouraging further investment in renewables. Moreover, corporate investment is not limited to direct purchases of renewable energy; it also encompasses funding for research and development initiatives aimed at advancing clean technologies. For instance, companies like Amazon have invested heavily in wind and solar projects while also supporting startups focused on innovative solutions such as carbon capture technology.

This trend highlights a growing recognition among corporations that sustainability is not just an ethical imperative but also a strategic business decision that can lead to long-term cost savings and enhanced competitiveness in an increasingly eco-conscious market.

The integration of renewable energy sources into smart grids represents a transformative shift in how we manage electricity distribution and consumption. Smart grids utilize advanced communication technologies to monitor and manage electricity flow more efficiently than traditional grids. This capability is essential as we transition toward a more decentralized energy system characterized by distributed generation from renewables like solar and wind.

One key aspect of smart grids is their ability to facilitate demand response programs that encourage consumers to adjust their electricity usage based on real-time pricing signals or grid conditions. For example, during periods of high demand or low renewable generation, consumers may receive incentives to reduce their usage or shift it to off-peak times when renewable generation is abundant. This dynamic interaction between supply and demand enhances grid reliability while maximizing the utilization of clean energy sources.

As smart grid technology continues to evolve, it will play an integral role in enabling a seamless transition toward a sustainable energy future.

Bioenergy and geothermal power are two often-overlooked components of the renewable energy mix that hold significant potential for sustainable development. Bioenergy harnesses organic materials -- such as agricultural residues, wood waste, or dedicated energy crops -- to produce heat or electricity through combustion or biochemical processes. This approach not only provides a renewable source of energy but also contributes to waste management by repurposing materials that would otherwise contribute to landfill emissions.

Geothermal power taps into the Earth's internal heat to generate electricity or provide direct heating solutions. Countries like Iceland have successfully leveraged geothermal resources to meet a substantial portion of their energy needs while reducing reliance on fossil fuels. The scalability of geothermal systems -- from large-scale power plants to small residential heating solutions -- makes it an attractive option for diversifying the renewable energy portfolio.

Both bioenergy and geothermal power offer unique advantages that can complement other renewable sources while contributing to grid stability and resilience. As research continues into improving efficiency and reducing costs associated with these technologies, they will play an increasingly vital role in achieving global climate goals and transitioning toward a sustainable future powered by clean energy sources.


4. European leaders to join Zelenskyy in D.C., and multiple gunmen sought in Brooklyn shooting: Weekend Rundown

Ukraine and its allies are scrambling to respond to President Donald Trump's apparent shift toward Vladimir Putin's hard-line position after their summit in Alaska.

A cohort of European leaders announced that they would join Ukraine's Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Washington on Monday as they seek to navigate America's new approach to ending the war.

NATO Secretary-General Mark Rutte, European Commission President Ursula von de Leyen, German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, U.K. Prime Minister Keir Starmer, French President Emmanuel Macron and Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni announced they would be joining Zelenskyy in D.C., perhaps hoping to ensure there is no repeat of his last Oval Office meeting.

Trump signaled Saturday that he was reversing his insistence on a ceasefire and instead pursuing a permanent peace deal -- aligning the United States with the Kremlin rather than Kyiv and its European backers.

Trump directly engaged with Zelenskyy and European leaders by phone early Saturday morning about the U.S. taking part in a potential NATO-like security guarantee for Ukraine as part of a deal with Russia, two senior administration officials and three sources familiar with the discussions told NBC News.

"European and American security guarantees were discussed," one source familiar with the discussions said. "U.S. troops on the ground was not discussed or entertained by [Trump]."

Security guarantees would activate in the scenario that Russia were to invade Ukraine again, the sources said, but the protections would not include NATO membership.

A "full peace deal" between Ukraine and Russia is the best chance to end the conflict, but a temporary ceasefire agreement is "not off the table," Secretary of State Marco Rubio said.

"Now, whether there needs to be a ceasefire on the way there, well, we've advocated for that," Rubio told NBC News' "Meet the Press." "Unfortunately, the Russians, as of now, have not agreed to that."

Rubio defended the Trump administration's decision not to impose new sanctions on Russia as previously threatened, despite Putin's reluctance to move toward a peace deal, saying, "What we're trying to do right now is end the war."

"I don't think new sanctions on Russia are going to force them to accept ceasefire. They're already under very severe sanctions," he later added.

The secretary of state also added that Putin is "certainly asking for things that the Ukrainians and others are not willing to be supportive of and that we're not going to push them to give, and the Ukrainians are asking for things that the Russians are not going to give up on."

Three people were killed and another nine were injured in an overnight shooting involving multiple gunmen at a Brooklyn nightclub, police said.

The shooting took place at the Taste of the City Lounge on Franklin Avenue in the Crown Heights neighborhood, New York Police Commissioner Jessica Tisch said at a news conference. The victims were identified as a 27-year-old male, a 35-year-old male and an 19-year-old male.

"What we know preliminarily is that there was a dispute inside the crowded club that led to the shooting," Tisch told reporters. "We believe that there were up to four shooters involved in this incident."

No suspects are in custody, and city officials urged the public to come forward with any information related to the shooting. It is currently believed to be a gang-related incident.

More than 10,000 Air Canada flight attendants walked off the job over pay and scheduling concerns, prompting the Canadian government to step in.

The airline suspended all operations Saturday morning, before Jobs and Families Minister Patty Hajdu directed the Canada Industrial Relations Board to impose binding arbitration, effectively ordering workers to continue their regular duties until an agreement is reached.

But on Sunday, the Canadian Union of Public Employees called the move "blatantly unconstitutional" and said its members "remain on strike."

"We demand a fair, negotiated contract and to be compensated for all hours worked," the union said in a statement.

The airline subsequently suspended its plan to resume limited flights, and now expects to restart operations Monday evening.

There is no shortage of hype around AI coming for jobs, and while the U.S. labor market has begun to sputter, hard evidence of AI-related job losses is scant. Even software engineers, seen as at particular risk thanks to AI's ability to generate computer code, so far seem relatively unscathed.

Whether or not AI does end up replacing some jobs, experts predict that skilled trades that include manual labor and expertise are the least vulnerable to modern technology, and the idea has been enough to push some people to reconsider their futures.

For Gen Zers without a degree, blue-collar work has offered a path to financial stability without the burden of student loans; and Gen Z men, regardless of education level, are more likely than women to choose blue-collar careers, according to a survey by Resume Builder.

Those jobs, for now, appear safe. "It's a very wide misconception that we are on the verge of having humanoid robots basically replace workers. In my mind, that's a myth," said Ken Goldberg, president of the Robot Learning Foundation at the University of California, Berkeley. "Progress is being made at a slow pace."

A Fulton County judge misspoke while reading a defendant's verdict in a Georgia courtroom, telling him he was guilty when the jury deemed him not guilty. The judge apologized, then re-read the statement correctly as people in the courtroom laughed and applauded.


5. Today in history

On this date

In 1692, four men and one woman were hanged after being convicted of witchcraft at Salem in the Province of Massachusetts Bay; the story of one of the men, John Proctor, inspired Arthur Miller's play "The Crucible."

In 1807, Robert Fulton's North River Steamboat arrived in Albany, two days after leaving New York on its maiden voyage.

In 1812, the USS Constitution defeated the British frigate HMS Guerriere off Nova Scotia during the War of 1812, earning the nickname "Old Ironsides."

In 1814, during the War of 1812, British forces landed at Benedict, Maryland, with the objective of capturing Washington, D.C.

In 1909, Indianapolis Motor Speedway hosted its first race.

In 1934, German voters approved the vesting of sole executive power in Adolf Hitler.

People are also reading... Normal man identified after fatal bike crash in Comlara Park 1 dead, 3 injured in crash on I-55 near Pontiac Friday morning 'Exactly what Pontiac needs': Route 66 RoadHouse offering farm-to-table eats Bloomington man gets 8 years in prison, ordered to pay $15K in meth, financial cases Woman sentenced to 5 years in McLean County robbery case Prosecutors: Bloomington man tries to kill a woman, stabs teenage girl McLean County officials are investigating after a man was found dead in Comlara Park What to eat at the 2025 Illinois State Fair Illinois farmers turn to agroforestry for profit, soil health and crop diversity Bloomington man accused of stabbing woman, injuring 2 others Officials: Heyworth man seen swinging machete threatened, tried to bite police chief Scott Best, a 24-year-old autoworker, to challenge LaHood for Illinois' 16th Congressional District ISP asks for public's help in search for suspect in shooting of Gibson City officers Man from Normal detained, accused of sexually assaulting young girl Appellate court orders release of man charged in McLean County with traveling to meet a minor

In 1955, torrential rains caused by Hurricane Diane resulted in severe flooding in the northeastern U.S., claiming some 200 lives.

In 1960, a tribunal in Moscow convicted American U2 pilot Francis Gary Powers of espionage. (Although sentenced to 10 years' imprisonment, Powers was returned to the United States in 1962 as part of a prisoner exchange.)

In 1980, 301 people aboard Saudia Flight 163 died as the jetliner made a fiery emergency return to the Riyadh airport.

-- Associated Press

Love 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Sad 0 Angry 0

Be the first to know

Get local news delivered to your inbox!

Sign up! * I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy.


6. Letter from America: Mountview Primary: A school with a big heart!

That part of Zimbabwe is a land filled with myth and legends, men 10-feet tall and goblins in partnership with hyenas that visit villages to scare little boys and girls who curse their parents.

BY KENNETH MUFUKA This week, I found myself in a remote part of Zimbabwe, among the magic hills of Nyanga in Chief Tangwena paramountcy. Except for the one tarred road which ends just behind the General Hospital, the roads have become impassable. The hills are spiritual; hyenas, mountain lions and goblins share the misty (guti) filled landscape.

That part of Zimbabwe is a land filled with myth and legends, men 10-feet tall and goblins in partnership with hyenas that visit villages to scare little boys and girls who curse their parents.

Nationalist Edgar Tekere, in his biography said as he, Chief Tangwena and Robert Mugabe traversed the mountains into Mozambique, "spiritual lions" (mhondoro) made their presence felt as they rustled the grass beside their path to freedom.

A few years ago, in Saunyama chieftainship, in the village of Bande, an evil man died and was buried. No one said anything good about that man. That same night, people in the village swore that his friends, a troop of hyenas (considered messengers of the devil) dug his body up from the grave and took it to their master.

My assistant, Angie Mikiri, while showing off her physical prowess, found herself chasing a flame lily, until she realised she had strayed from the mountain climbers she was leading and that flame lilies do not flower in the winter.

This where, 6000 feet above sea-level, Major Herbert MacIllwaine perched the Troutberg Inn in 1947, lit a fire in its lobby whose fire has never been put out.

A lonely fisherman, who had set up a campfire by the Tsanga River conservatory, swore to me, a trout jumped into his frying pan before he could count to 10.

If you have never been to the Nyangani (meaning cow's horn) range, you should rightly be locked up.

Right in the middle of the devastating inflation, in 2012, armed only with love and faith Richard Saziya and John Sanders bought a lumber cutting machine from China for U$19 000. Surrounded by carefully managed pine forests around the Tsanga River, they started on a business journey, which has taken them beyond their imagination.

Richard, a carpenter, designed a lumber kit priced below US500 for a three-roomed cottage. The mark of genius is to see what everybody else has failed to see. Nyanga mountains, and the Troutbeck-Selbourne-Claireborne Estates area form the Riviera for holiday seekers running away from the hot Zimbabwe summers. Tsanga Timbers have a six-month advance order book for their customers. Everybody and his nephew who regard themselves as somebody has a cottage hanging on some unreachable mountain cliff. Winters drive away the pesky mosquitoes.

Richard and partner grew wealthy and mighty in stature even as the Zimbabwean economy was going through some shenanigans.

The real story

Richard and his wife, Beauty and their four children are unassuming Seventh Day Adventists. Whatever good fortune came their way, they attributed it to God's favour.

Richard rarely gives interviews, and so does his daughter, a director at Mountview Primary. All she could say to me was: "We are honoured by your presence at the school."

Adventists believe that a man's works speak for themselves. "If words fail, then say a few curse words to draw attention," said Mother Theresa of Bangladesh.

So, Richard and Beauty quietly built a neat little primary school for those among us who were less fortunate.

Mountview Primary has not raised its school fees for six years, forcing Richard to subsidise expenses. As the Zimbabwe dollar plays a yo-yo game, and the more the Saziyas dip into their resources, they find their faith deepened.

The school provides lunches and transport for the K-7 schoolers. A source told me a juicy story. When the school kombi driver failed to turn up, Richard drove the school bus. A spicy parent, judging him by his clothes, started to say some juicy words as to why he was late.

But there is more. Richard has built what Americans call a soup kitchen, to feed the needy in his hometown of Nyanga.

Invitation

A Mr Langeveldt, head of the school, asked if I can find words of encouragement for the young learners. Many years ago, I started an after-school programme in the United States for inner city kids ages four-12.

Their singular problem was the lack of self-esteem and the belief that the world was waiting to "get them and lock them up in a jailhouse".

So, I composed a poem, adapted from President Barack Obama's advice to his two daughters, Malia and Sasha, then 10 and 12.

In my programme, which we called Precious Kids, we sang that poem every day before we started our lessons. In a few weeks, there was a marked increase in the learners' attention and results so much so that some of our kids were accused of copying.

Mountview learners liked the poem and before I left the school, they were singing it in the corridors.

Langeveldt was amused but feared and prayed that some naughty learners, now emboldened, would not twist a part of the poem to say: "Mommy don't do stupid things. If you are not part of the solution, move out of my way and let me pursue my dream."

It is a school with a big heart.

The school is truly a labour of love by its founders and staff. They serve the poorest and the needy among us with sacrificial love, asking nothing in return. Though the family will be alarmed by the attention that this article will draw, nothing but good can come out of such recognitions.


7. LATAM Brasil, GOL Linhas Aéreas, and Avianca Suspend 23 Flights Amid Bad Weather, Disrupting Travel Across Brazil and Latin America

LATAM Brasil, GOL Linhas Aéreas, and Avianca have suspended 23 flights due to bad weather, leading to significant disruptions in travel across Brazil and Latin America. The weather conditions have affected major airports, including those in São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Brasília, and Salvador. As a result, passengers have faced delays and cancellations, with many travelers left stranded or rebooked on alternative flights. Airlines have been working to manage the situation, but the ongoing bad weather has made it challenging to restore normal operations quickly. Travelers are advised to check the status of their flights frequently and stay in touch with customer service for updates. While these disruptions are primarily caused by weather-related factors, the airlines continue to ensure the safety and well-being of passengers. This situation has highlighted the impact of severe weather on air travel across the region.

The flight disruptions have severely impacted several major airports and cities across Brazil and Latin America. LATAM Brasil operates flights from Rio de Janeiro/Galeão Intl (GIG / SBGL) in Rio de Janeiro, São Paulo-Guarulhos Intl (GRU / SBGR) and São Paulo-Congonhas (CGH / SBSP) in São Paulo, Campo Grande Intl (CGR / SBCG) in Campo Grande, Deputado Luis Eduardo Magalhães Intl (SSA / SBSV) in Salvador, Salgado Filho Intl (POA / SBPA) in Porto Alegre, Ministro Victor Konder Intl (NVT / SBNF) in Navegantes, and Afonso Pena Intl (CWB / SBCT) in Curitiba. GOL Linhas Aéreas operates from Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek Intl (BSB / SBBR) in Brasília, Guararapes Intl (Gilberto Freyre Intl) (REC / SBRF) in Recife, and Deputado Luis Eduardo Magalhães Intl (SSA / SBSV) in Salvador. Avianca operates from Los Garzones (MTR / SKMR) in Montería, Perales (IBE / SKIB) in Ibagué, El Dorado Intl (BOG / SKBO) in Bogotá, Palonegro (BGA / SKBG) in Bucaramanga, José Maria Cordova Intl (MDE / SKRG) in Medellín, and Camilo Daza Intl (CUC / SKCC) in Cúcuta.

LATAM Brasil reported 10 cancellations, which represent 1% of their total flights, while 51 flights were delayed, accounting for 6% of their operations, experiencing disruptions. The specific causes of these disruptions remain unclear, but they have led to significant inconvenience for passengers. These delays and cancellations caused widespread frustration, especially for travelers who were forced to adjust their plans or seek alternative routes. Despite efforts to resolve the issues, passengers are still facing challenges as LATAM Brasil continues to work on addressing the disruptions and minimizing the impact on affected travelers.

GOL Linhas Aéreas Inteligentes reported 4 cancellations, which represent 0% of their total flights, while 28 flights delayed, accounting for 4% of their operations, were disrupted. The airline has advised affected travelers to check their flight statuses online and to contact customer service for assistance with rebooking or refunds. These disruptions have caused inconvenience for passengers, many of whom have had to adjust their travel plans. GOL is actively working to resolve the situation and minimize the impact on its operations. Travelers are encouraged to stay informed and reach out to customer service for any assistance related to delays or cancellations.

Avianca experienced disruptions on its international routes in August 2025. Several flights from Bogotá to destinations in the United States were canceled, including flights to Orlando and New York. Passengers on these routes faced significant delays and were advised to check the airline's website for the latest updates on flight statuses. Avianca reported 9 cancellations, which represent 1% of their total flights, while 32 flights delayed, accounting for 4% of their operations, were disrupted. The airline has been working to address the delays and provide passengers with alternative options where possible. Travelers have been encouraged to stay informed about their flight status and to reach out to customer service for assistance with rebooking or compensation. Despite the ongoing disruptions, Avianca is committed to ensuring passenger safety and minimizing further inconveniences caused by these delays and cancellations.

The widespread cancellations and delays have left many passengers stranded at airports, particularly in São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, and Salvador. Travelers have reported long wait times, crowded terminals, and limited assistance from airline staff. In some cases, passengers were rebooked on later flights, while others were offered refunds or vouchers for future travel. However, the high volume of affected travelers has made it challenging for airlines to accommodate everyone promptly.

In response to the disruptions, LATAM Brasil, GOL Linhas Aéreas, and Avianca have issued statements apologizing for the inconvenience caused and assuring passengers that they are working to resolve the issues. All three airlines have advised affected travelers to check their flight statuses online and to contact customer service for assistance with rebooking or refunds.

Passengers affected by flight cancellations or significant delays may be entitled to compensation under Brazilian and international passenger rights regulations. These rights vary depending on the specific circumstances of the disruption and the airline's policies. Travelers are encouraged to review their rights and contact the airline directly for information on compensation and reimbursement options.

Travelers planning to fly with LATAM Brasil, GOL Linhas Aéreas, or Avianca in the coming weeks are advised to:

The flight cancellations and delays experienced by LATAM Brasil, GOL Linhas Aéreas, and Avianca in August 2025 have had a profound impact on travelers across Brazil and Latin America. The disruption affected major airports in cities such as São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Brasília, Salvador, and Porto Alegre. Thousands of passengers were left stranded, facing significant delays and limited options for rebooking or refunds. These issues arose primarily due to adverse weather conditions and operational difficulties faced by the airlines, which were unable to meet the scheduled departures for several routes.

Travelers are advised to stay proactive and regularly check flight statuses on the official websites of LATAM Brasil, GOL Linhas Aéreas, and Avianca for the latest updates. It's also recommended to directly reach out to customer service departments for assistance with rebooking or obtaining further information on compensation. Keeping communication channels open and staying informed is essential to minimizing the impact on travel plans.


8. Obituary: VICKI CARROLL (PATTERSON) PERDEW

Vicki Patterson Perdew, 76, of Greensboro, went home to be with the Lord on Wednesday, August 13, 2025, surrounded by the love of her family at Moses Cone Hospital.

A celebration of her life will be held at 2:00 p.m. on Monday, August 18, 2025, at Citty Funeral Home with Rev. Lee Eggars officiating. Entombment will follow at Evergreen Memory Gardens Mausoleum. The family will receive friends from 1:00 p.m. until the service at the funeral home.

Born in Rockingham County, Vicki was the daughter of the late Calvin Paul "Pat" and Nancy Carroll Patterson. For more than 40 years, she made Greensboro her home, touching lives with her warmth, humor, and generous spirit.

Vicki lived a life full of love, adventure, and dedication to the things she enjoyed most. A graduate of Wentworth High School, she was crowned Homecoming Queen and named an All-Star basketball player. She later became the first coach of the Greensboro's ladies' basketball team, leading them to a City Championship. Her competitive nature and passion for sports -- especially her devotion to Dale Earnhardt racing -- were well known to her family and friends.

After a time with the United States Postal Service, Vicki embraced retirement by cheering on her favorite teams, traveling, and treasuring time with loved ones.

She is survived by her husband and best friend of 57 years, Barry Perdew, of the home; her cherished son, Brad Perdew, of Greensboro; and her loving sister, Mitzi Collins, of Ruffin. She will be remembered for her kindness, laughter, and love, which will live on in the hearts of all who knew her.

Vicki really appreciated AuthoraCare Collective (formerly Hospice of Guilford County) for their compassion and care of others. Memorial contributions may be made in Vicki's memory to AuthoraCare Collective, 2504 Summit Ave., Greensboro, NC 27405.


9. 2025 U.S. Ryder Cup team: Scottie Scheffler, Bryson DeChambeau headline six players to automatically qualify - CBSSports.com

The conclusion of the 2025 BMW Championship not only marked the end of the PGA Tour season for all but the top 30 players, it marked the finish of the qualifying period for the United States Ryder Cup team. The top six men in the standings following the second leg of the FedEx Cup Playoffs are now locked into the squad that will take on the European side at Bethpage Black from Sept. 26-28 in Farmingdale, New York.

Keegan Bradley will announce his six captain's selections to round out the 12-man roster on Aug. 27, the Wednesday following the season-finale Tour Championship. When doing so, he will have some difficult decisions to make. Bradley need not worry about expending energy on choosing the best players for his team, however, as the six most deserving American golfers are now set to represent their country in the biannual head-to-head showdown.

Scheffler was first to qualify for the team -- and his third straight Ryder Cup -- as the world No. 1 locked up his place after winning his second of two majors in 2025 at The Open Championship. He added wins at the Memorial Tournament, the CJ CUP Byron Nelson and the BMW Championship this year to go along with a historic 2024 season that saw him claim his second green jacket and eight other worldwide victories, including another Players Championship title.

Spaun was the second to lock up his bid as his U.S. Open win at Oakmont Country Club was accompanied by close losses at The Players Championship and the St. Jude Championship. This marks the first international team event in which Spaun will partake when he tees it up in New York.

Meanwhile, Schauffele can thank his play in major championships the last two seasons as the reason he solidified his roster spot as he has two wins and five other top-15 finishes in those eight tournaments since the start of 2024. The same can be said for DeChambeau; the lone member of LIV Golf to automatically qualify, he had to rely solely on his performance in majors to accumulate points. The 2024 U.S. Open champion has a win, two runner-up finishes and three other top-10 results in his last eight major starts. He returns to the U.S. team for the first time since the 2021 Ryder Cup at Whistling Straits.

Another rookie coming aboard is Henley, but he is not without his own team experience. Henley effectively teamed with Scheffler at the 2024 Presidents Cup at Royal Montreal, and he has been the model of consistency the last couple of seasons. His fellow Georgia Bulldog, English, made a late run into the top six thanks to a pair of runner-up finishes to Scheffler at the PGA Championship and The Open. Like DeChambeau, English will wear the red, white and blue for the first time since the 2021 Ryder Cup.

Scheffler, Schauffele, DeChambeau and English were all members of the historic 2021 squad that produced a record 19 to 9 margin of victory over Europe the last time the Ryder Cup was held on U.S. soil. Plenty has changed since then in regards to the composition of both teams as Scheffler spearheads the home squad this time around just four years after relying on a captain's pick to play in his first Ryder Cup.


10. Trump administration halts visas for people from Gaza after conservative activist questions arrivals - The Boston Globe

A guide through the most important stories of the morning, delivered Monday through Friday.

As a result, he said, "we are going to pause this program and reevaluate how those visas are being vetted and what relationship, if any, has there been by these organizations to the process of acquiring those visas."

Loomer on Friday posted videos on X of children from Gaza arriving earlier this month in San Francisco and Houston for medical treatment with the aid of an organization called HEAL Palestine. "Despite the US saying we are not accepting Palestinian 'refugees' into the United States under the Trump administration," these people from Gaza were able to travel to the United States, she said.

She called it a "national security threat" and asked who signed off on the visas, calling for the person to be fired. She tagged Rubio, President Trump, Vice President JD Vance, Texas Governor Greg Abbott, a Republican, and California Governor Gavin Newsom, a Democrat.

Trump has downplayed Loomer's influence on his administration, but several officials swiftly left or were removed shortly after she publicly criticized them.

The State Department on Sunday declined to comment on how many of the visas had been granted and whether the decision to halt visas to people from Gaza had anything to do with Loomer's posts.

HEAL Palestine said in a statement Sunday that it was "distressed" by the State Department decision to stop visitor visas from Gaza. The group said it is "an American humanitarian nonprofit organization delivering urgent aid and medical care to children in Palestine."

A post on the organization's Facebook page Thursday shows a photo of a boy from Gaza leaving Egypt and headed to St. Louis for treatment and said he is "our 15th evacuated child arriving in the U.S. in the last two weeks."

The organization brings "severely injured children" to the United States on temporary visas for treatment they can't get at home, the statement said. Following treatment, the children and any family members who accompanied them return to the Middle East, the statement said.

"This is a medical treatment program, not a refugee resettlement program," it said.

The World Health Organization has repeatedly called for more medical evacuations from Gaza, where Israel's over 22-month war against Hamas has heavily destroyed or damaged much of the territory's health system.

"More than 14,800 patients still need lifesaving medical care that is not available in Gaza," WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said Wednesday on social media, and called on more countries to offer support.

A WHO description of the medical evacuation process from Gaza published last year explained that the WHO submits lists of patients to Israeli authorities for security clearance. It noted that before the war in Gaza began, 50 to 100 patients were leaving Gaza daily for medical treatment, and it called for a higher rate of approvals from Israeli authorities.

The United Nations and partners say medicines and even basic health care supplies are low in Gaza after Israel cut off all aid to the territory of over 2 million people for more than 10 weeks earlier this year.

"Cease-fire! Peace is the best medicine," Tedros added Wednesday.


11. Trump administration halts visas for Gazans

WASHINGTON -- A day after conservative activist Laura Loomer posted videos on social media of children from Gaza arriving in the U.S. for medical treatment and questioning how they got visas, the State Department said it was halting all visitor visas for people from Gaza pending a review.

The State Department said the visas would be stopped while it looks into how "a small number of temporary medical-humanitarian visas" were issued in recent days. Secretary of State Marco Rubio on Sunday told "Face the Nation" on CBS that the action came after "outreach from multiple congressional offices asking questions about it."

Rubio said there were "just a small number" of the visas issued to children in need of medical aid but that they were accompanied by adults. The congressional offices reached out with evidence that "some of the organizations bragging about and involved in acquiring these visas have strong links to terrorist groups like Hamas," he asserted, without providing evidence or naming those organizations.

As a result, he said, "we are going to pause this program and reevaluate how those visas are being vetted and what relationship, if any, has there been by these organizations to the process of acquiring those visas."

Loomer on Friday posted videos on X of children from Gaza arriving earlier this month in San Francisco and Houston for medical treatment with the aid of an organization called HEAL Palestine. "Despite the US saying we are not accepting Palestinian 'refugees' into the United States under the Trump administration," these people from Gaza were able to travel to the U.S., she said.

She called it a "national security threat" and asked who signed off on the visas, calling for the person to be fired. She tagged Rubio, President Donald Trump, Vice President JD Vance, GOP Texas Gov. Greg Abbott and California Gov. Gavin Newsom, a Democrat.

Trump has downplayed Loomer's influence on his administration, but several officials swiftly left or were removed shortly after she publicly criticized them.

The State Department on Sunday declined to comment on how many of the visas had been granted and whether the decision to halt visas to people from Gaza had anything to do with Loomer's posts.

HEAL Palestine said in a statement Sunday that it was "distressed" by the State Department decision to stop halt visitor visas from Gaza. The group said it is "an American humanitarian nonprofit organization delivering urgent aid and medical care to children in Palestine."

A post on the organization's Facebook page Thursday shows a photo of a boy from Gaza leaving Egypt and headed to St. Louis for treatment and said he is "our 15th evacuated child arriving in the U.S. in the last two weeks."

The organization brings "severely injured children" to the U.S. on temporary visas for treatment they can't get at home, the statement said. Following treatment, the children and any family members who accompanied them return to the Middle East, the statement said.

"This is a medical treatment program, not a refugee resettlement program," it said.

The World Health Organization has repeatedly called for more medical evacuations from Gaza, where Israel's over 22-month war against Hamas has heavily destroyed or damaged much of the territory's health system.

"More than 14,800 patients still need lifesaving medical care that is not available in Gaza," WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said Wednesday on social media, and called on more countries to offer support.

A WHO description of the medical evacuation process from Gaza published last year explained that the WHO submits lists of patients to Israeli authorities for security clearance. It noted that before the war in Gaza began, 50 to 100 patients were leaving Gaza daily for medical treatment, and it called for a higher rate of approvals from Israeli authorities.

The U.N. and partners say medicines and even basic health care supplies are low in Gaza after Israel cut off all aid to the territory of over 2 million people for more than 10 weeks earlier this year.

"Ceasefire! Peace is the best medicine," Tedros added Wednesday.


12. Nato-like protection in focus for Trump meeting with Ukraine, Europe

WASHINGTON: US President Donald Trump could offer Nato-like protection of Ukraine, and Russia is open to the idea, one of his top foreign policy officials said on Sunday ahead of a meeting with Ukraine and European leaders to hammer out details of possible security guarantees for Kyiv.

"We were able to win the following concession, that the US could offer Article 5-like protection," Steve Witkoff, Trump's special envoy to Russia, told CNN's "State of the Union" programme. "The United States could offer Article 5 protection, which was the first time we had ever heard the Russians agree to that."

Witkoff was referring to Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty, which regards any attack against one of its 32 members as an attack on all. He suggested that a security guarantee of that scale could be offered to Ukraine in lieu of Nato membership, which Putin has ruled out.

Russia launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 and has been gradually advancing for months in the deadliest war in Europe for 80 years,

Witkoff and secretary of state Marco Rubio, who were both in the room when Trump met Russian leader Vladimir Putin in Alaska on Friday, gave a series of TV interviews ahead of a Monday meeting in Washington with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and leaders of some European allies.

"We made some progress, we believe, and now we have to follow up on that progress," Rubio told CNN's "State of the Union" about the meeting with Putin. "Ultimately, where this should lead is to a meeting between the three leaders, between Zelensky, Putin and President Trump, where we can finalise, but we got to get this thing closer before we get to that point."

Russian officials are opposed to Western troops in Ukraine, but have not ruled out a security guarantee for Kyiv. Speaking during a joint media appearance with Trump after their nearly three-hour long meeting, Putin said on Friday: "I agree with President Trump. He said today that Ukraine's security must be ensured by all means. Of course, we are ready to work on this."

Witkoff told "Fox News Sunday" that Russia had also agreed to passing a law against taking any more of Ukraine by force.

"The Russians agreed on enshrining legislatively language that would prevent them from - or that they would attest to not attempting to take any more land from Ukraine after a peace deal, where they would attest to not violating any European borders," he said.

Peace deal vs surrender

Any security guarantees offered to Zelensky could also include a commitment from the United States, Rubio told Fox News' "Sunday Morning Futures", an option that many of Trump's MAGA supporters have rejected up to now.

"It would be a very big move by the president, if he were to offer a US commitment to a security guarantee," Rubio said. "It tells you how badly he wants peace, how much he values peace, that he would be willing to make a concession like that ...That's what we'll talk about tomorrow."

In a social media post, Trump wrote, "BIG PROGRESS ON RUSSIA. STAY TUNED!" But he gave no details.

Rubio said US officials discussed security details for Ukraine with the national security advisers of multiple European countries on Saturday, adding that the aim would be to build in details that could ultimately be presented to Russia as part of a peace agreement.

He told Fox News that the talks between Trump and Putin on Friday had narrowed the number of key issues, which include drawing borders and military alliances for Ukraine as well as security guarantees. "There's a lot of work that remains," Rubio added.

According to sources, Trump and Putin discussed proposals for Russia to relinquish tiny pockets of occupied Ukraine in exchange for Ukraine ceding a swathe of fortified land in the east and freezing the front lines elsewhere.

Rubio said Russia and Ukraine would not be able to get everything they want.

"If one side gets everything they want, that's not a peace deal. It's called surrender, and I don't think this is a war that's going to end anytime soon on the basis of surrender," Rubio told CNN.

In a separate interview on ABC, Rubio said if a deal could not be reached to end the war, existing US sanctions on Russia would continue, and more could be added.

When Zelensky visited the White House in February, the meeting ended in a shouting match. Rubio, speaking to CBS, dismissed the idea that the European leaders were coming to Washington to protect Zelensky.

"They're not coming here tomorrow to keep Zelensky from being bullied. They're coming here tomorrow because we've been working with the Europeans," he said. "We invited them to come."


13. 'Not Much Was Accomplished': Fox News Host Offers Brutal Takedown Of Trump's Putin Summit

Fox News host Howard Kurtz opened his Sunday show by noting that "not much was accomplished" at President Donald Trump's summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin on the war in Ukraine.

Fox News host Howard Kurtz opened his Sunday show by noting that "not much was accomplished" at President Donald Trump's summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin on the war in Ukraine.

"Three and a half years into the brutal and bloody war in Ukraine after the illegal Russian invasion that has always featured targeting civilians, President Trump announced he would meet with Vladimir Putin and try to negotiate a peace deal," Kurtz explained. "There's no other way to put this: a dramatic lowering of expectations for the sit-down in Anchorage."

"After the meeting, despite some upbeat talk, it was clear not much was accomplished," he continued. "No ceasefire, no details, no questions from the press, just vague assurances that some progress was made without explaining what that was."

Former National Review editor Rich Lowry agreed that "Putin moved the ball a little bit in his direction."

"Putting off the talk of the ceasefire, at least for now, and getting Trump to stop threatening secondary sanctions and harsher measures," he noted.

Kurtz reported that Fox News had confirmed that "Trump is going along with a Putin plan to forget about the ceasefire and to give the Kremlin control of that whole Donbas region of Ukraine, eastern Ukraine, in exchange for ceding some land elsewhere."

"Many pundits are saying Putin was a sort of a pariah," the host observed, "and that he already won by getting a meeting on U.S. soil."

"Yeah, the United States just validated him, and we became an ally of Russia rather than an ally of Ukraine and our NATO allies there," left-leaning guest Meghan Hays said. "I don't think that Putin has any interest in having a deal. He wants to take Ukraine, and then he slowly wants to take back the rest of what the old USSR."


14. 10 Most Binge-Worthy War TV Shows You Can Watch in One Day

In today's culture of constant hustle and bustle, sometimes, it pays off to just take a day to let your mind and body rest, and to just relax and do something easy and fun. A lot of people in the streaming age often resort to binge-watching, which isn't healthy to do on a regular basis, but can be fine if done as a rare treat, or in moderation. But with lots of series that span multiple seasons and genres, it isn't always easy to keep a steady watch session going.

If you've only got a day off and are in the mood for some quality TV, it pays to find a series that is short, and which can be safely binged within the confines of that day, and still leave time for dinner. It doesn't matter what particular genre you fancy, even if you're more partial to war-themed TV shows that showcase the brutality of conflict. These are the best war TV shows that are super bingeable, and that can be finished in just one day.

10 'The Liberator' (2020)

The Liberator might be animated, but don't let that fool you -- just because something is a cartoon, that doesn't mean it's for kids. The animation style in this miniseries is really unique and interesting, as it looks so real yet not real at the same time, almost like it's going for a hyperrealistic art style. Story-wise, it is set during 1943, specifically during Operation Husky, the Allied invasion of Sicily. The main character is an American soldier by the name of Felix Sparks (Bradley James).

Much of the show is based on Sparks' personal experience in the war, from fighting at Sicily, and even showing a little bit of the combat in France in the later days of the war, as well as how Sparks rose through the ranks of his organization, rising from a lower-ranking GI to a higher-ranking officer. This miniseries consists of just four episodes, each only about 45 minutes long, meaning it can be finished in approximately three hours. This means that it can be burned through in far less than a day, perhaps even some room to binge-watch other short war TV shows... right?

9 'The Pillars of the Earth' (2010)

The Pillars of the Earth is set in the 1100s, during a tumultuous period of English history known as The Anarchy. The Anarchy was, in truth, a period of civil war and rapid political change, made worse by the fact that it was the Middle Ages, and technology was limited. Based on a novel of the same name, this miniseries isn't exactly super faithful on account of the fact that the ending was completely changed, but overall, it's still a very good show.

The Pillars of the Earth bears a star-studded cast, and focuses more on the political side of things as a cathedral is set to be built in the midst of the rough social climate. Though it received some criticism on account of the fact that it took many historical liberties with little concern for actual accuracy, the entertainment factor is through the roof. With the fact that it's only eight episodes long, it's easy to finish within one day, if you've got a day off.

8 'Masters of the Air' (2024)

Masters of the Air is a miniseries set during World War II, centering on the 100th Bomb Group of the United States Air Force. This group was known for undertaking some seriously dangerous bombing raids and operations, deeds which definitely deserve to be recognized for their heroism and valor. Many of the actors actually play real pilots and airmen, which isn't typical of the shared universe between Masters of the Air and other miniseries.

The action takes place high above the Western Front of World War II, with the crew carrying out incredibly risky raids against German positions all over Europe. This show is a reminder that being thousands of feet above the action doesn't make things any less dangerous, especially when one is in a slow-moving bombing aircraft. This miniseries is just nine episodes long, so if you've got the time and the will, it can in fact be finished in less than a day.

7 'Shaka Zulu' (1986)

Shaka Zulu is a South African miniseries set in the early years of the 19th Century, specifically in the Zulu Kingdom, which was often at odds with the rapidly expanding British Empire. The primary character in this show is the Zulu King, Shaka (Henry Cele), and is based on a historical fiction novel of the same name by American author Joshua Sinclair. Like the novel, the series covers much of Shaka's reign, and his repeated quarrels with the invading British and rival kingdoms during the Mfecane Period.

The Mfecane Period was a time marked by frequent military conflict and an unstable climate, which means there's a lot of ground to cover in this miniseries. Overall, the series consists of 10 episodes, each approximately one hour in length. As such, it isn't exactly easy to consume in one day, as it eats up quite a bit of time, but it's definitely still possible. Plus, it's not very often that a war TV show covers such an overlooked and forgotten conflict, which it definitely deserves points for.

6 'Catch-22' (2019)

Catch-22 is a black comedy bit of satire about the Second World War. The protagonist is a bombardier for the United States Air Force named John (Christopher Abbott), who initially joined the USAAF because he thought it would be a much safer gig than fighting on the ground. Unfortunately for him, he was wrong. Deciding he prefers to live, he tries to find any way to get himself honorably discharged, all while his superiors send him on missions that grow more and more dangerous.

Much of the comedy deals with the ridiculous hoops that John has to jump through just to get himself kicked out on purpose, with the irony being that his own organization seems to be trying to kill him more than the Luftwaffe, as each mission grows increasingly riskier. This miniseries isn't the first adaptation of Josef Heller's novel, but it's by far the most recent and the most relevant. With only six episodes, each at roughly 45 minutes, it can be safely finished in just a few short hours.

5 'Generation Kill' (2008)

Generation Kill made the bold decision to set itself during the Iraq War, and was released while the war was still going on. This made it a bit of a touchy subject for the parties involved, but it was a brave decision that only earned it success. The series saw millions of viewers and was a critical success. While there is quite a bit of action, the focus is primarily on a group of war correspondents sent to the country to report on the rapidly unfolding events.

However, the war correspondents are only a small part of the cast, with many of the characters being American soldiers, both real and fictional. With its modern tone and setting, Generation Kill is both a game-changer and a trend setter, and was able to make some pretty powerful statements in just seven short episodes. Of course, with its relatively meager length, anyone who wants to watch this show within one day won't have any trouble doing so.

4 'The Pacific' (2010)

Set in the same universe as Masters of the Air, The Pacific takes the audience to a different part of the Second World War, exploring not Europe this time, but Asia and Oceania instead. The Pacific War's jungle environments and volatile combat made it a bloody front, primarily associated with the conflict between the Americans and the Japanese following the surprise attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1941.

Like Masters of the Air, The Pacific is one of the greatest war-themed miniseries ever conceived, and is totally feasible to consume in one sitting, or even in one day. The show takes viewers to some of the greatest, yet most overlooked engagements of the Second World War, from the traumatic Battle of Peleliu in present-day Palau to the highly-deadly Battle of Guadalcanal in the Solomon Islands. With a lovable cast of characters and the refusal to shy away from the gruesomeness of war, The Pacific is super binge-worthy, as anyone who has watched it will confirm.

3 'The White Queen' (2013)

The White Queen is a political drama series set during the Wars of the Roses, when two noble English houses began to war with each other over control of the English throne. The result was a victory for the House of Tudor, from which the modern Royal Family is descended. While the battles and the violence were obviously a crucial part of the wars, one aspect that often gets overlooked are the politics behind it, a force which was largely driven by the women of the feuding families.

Many of the characters on this show were real historical figures, most of them women pulling strings behind the scenes to ensure victory for their respective houses. Short and sweet, yet criminally underrated, The White Queen isn't very action-packed, but its political intrigue is deeply immersing, which makes it easy to get lost in and completely consume it within a few short hours.

2 'Shōgun' (2024-)

Shōgun is an alternate history show set at the beginning of the Edo Period, a time in Japanese history marked by social turmoil, an unstable political climate, numerous civil wars, clan feuds, and upheavals. The reason it's classified as alternate history is that none of the characters in the show, many of them nobles, rulers, or other figures, actually existed. The story is pure fiction, though the characters are indeed based on real people, albeit with totally different names and stories.

Based on James Clavell's novel of the same name, Shōgun was released on Hulu and Disney+ to unanimous acclaim. It quickly became one of the hottest TV shows of 2024, and was met with such success that the planned miniseries was eventually expanded to release a second season. While this second season has yet to be released, as it stands right now, it's easy to burn straight through the current episodes in one sitting, which are so engrossing that you'll probably be finished before you even realize it.

1 'Band of Brothers' (2001)

Following the success of their 1998 film Saving Private Ryan, director Steven Spielberg and actor Tom Hanks decided to co-produce the critically acclaimed Band of Brothers, the first miniseries in a shared universe between The Pacific and Masters of the Air. Set during World War II, the story follows some of the bloodiest and most heroic moments faced by American soldiers on the Western Front, following the D-Day invasions of Normandy in June of 1944.

From Operation Market Garden to the Battle of the Bulge, this show shines a brutal light on the true horrors of the Western Front during World War II. However, as its title suggests, one of the most important aspects of the TV show is its sense of camaraderie between the characters, which undoubtedly is what helps them achieve their goals. At ten 60-minute episodes, it can be kind of a long watch, but still completely feasible to finish in one day, if that's what you're in the mood for.

Your Rating close 10 stars 9 stars 8 stars 7 stars 6 stars 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Rate Now 0/10 Like Follow Followed Band of Brothers TV-MA Drama War & Politics Action War 16 9.4/10 Release Date 2001 - 2001 Network HBO Showrunner Steven Spielberg, Tom Hanks Cast See All Damian Lewis Richard D. Winters Donnie Wahlberg C. Carwood Lipton Where to watch Close WHERE TO WATCH Streaming BUY

The story of Easy Company of the U.S. Army 101st Airborne Division and their mission in World War II Europe, from Operation Overlord to V-J Day.

Main Genre War Seasons 1 Powered by Expand Collapse

NEXT: Amazing War Shows To Watch if You Love Steven Spielberg's 'Saving Private Ryan'


15. 'The Bad Guy Here Is Putin': Pence Reacts To Trump-Putin Summit

On Sunday, former Vice President Mike Pence offered praise for President Donald Trump's persistence in backing Ukraine, even as he noted he would have preferred that the Alaska meeting between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin had produced a ceasefire.

"I think he deserves credit as leader of the free world for not giving up on Ukraine, particularly, Jake, since there are many voices in and around the administration that would have cut Ukraine loose months ago. So, I want to commend the president for trying to make progress," Pence told CNN's Jake Tapper on "State of the Union."

"I must tell you, I would have liked to have seen a ceasefire, but the truth is that no deal is better than a bad deal," he continued.

Pence described the takeaways shared by Trump's envoy Steve Witkoff as "encouraging," highlighting especially "that there was at least an assent in Putin's and Trump's meeting to the United States providing security guarantees" without Washington being forced to give up anything that might endanger the U.S. or Europe.

"But, at the end of the day, it's important to remember the bad guy here is Putin. Putin launched an unprovoked, brutal invasion more than three years ago. I have traveled to Ukraine twice. I have literally walked the streets, seen the aftermath of that brutal invasion. And now, more than ever, America and our allies need to stand strongly with Ukraine and create the conditions for a just and lasting peace," Pence added.

Pence urged Trump to deal with Putin with firmness, warning, "In my judgment, Putin is not going to stop until he's stopped."

"I served alongside the president for four years. I know his style in dealing with these dictators. It's the velvet glove, but I think the hammer needs to come, and it needs to come immediately," he said.


16. I Asked ChatGPT How To Turn $10 Into $1 Million: Here's What It Said

According to the latest Global Wealth Report from financial services firm UBS, there are nearly 24 million millionaires in the United States. With millionaires seemingly lurking around every corner, I wondered how I could join their ranks.

I asked ChatGPT how I could turn $10 into $1 million, here's what it said, and whether the advice is worth considering.

When I asked ChatGPT to make me a millionaire by turning my $10 into $1 million, I was thrilled to hear it wasn't impossible. The chatbot, however, did acknowledge that it may require time, skill, and, often, some luck. The AI tool broke down my options for joining the financial elite into three overarching categories: realistic, long-term Strategies, moderate-risk, high-effort options, and high-risk, low probability paths.

ChatGPT offered two long-term options for turning $10 into $1 million: investing in the stock market or starting a low-cost business. The chatbot recommended adding to the initial investment each month. It said that if $100 a month is invested in an S&P 500 index fund with ~10% annual return, I could become a millionaire in around 35 to 40 years as a result of compounding interest.

While most financial experts agree that investing is the most solid way to grow wealth, it may take more than $10 to reach millionaire status. Market volatility may also derail the strategy. It is strongly recommended that hopeful investors meet with a financial advisor first to develop the right plan moving forward. According to Fidelity, potential investors should first determine what they are investing for, the most part retirement, before deciding on a stock. A financial professional can then help determine what account is best based on individual needs and goals.

The second option suggested by ChatGPT was to start a low-cost business. This can be achieved, according to the online platform, by spending the $10 on a domain and then creating a blog or selling a digital product. While this may seem easy enough, in reality, it takes a level of expertise to get an online business started and even more to make it successful, given the crowded industry.

The next set of options, as suggested by the popular chatbot, involves a little more risk and a lot more effort. In the moderate-risk category is flipping, arbitrage or skill-based work. As noted by the AI platform, the success of these depends on skill level, scale, and effort. Arbitrage involves the buying of an asset in a lower-priced market and selling it in a higher-priced market. ChatGPT recommended doing this via online marketplaces such as eBay and Craigslist.

The other suggestion in this category is to spend the $10 on learning a new skill and then monetizing that skill. While perhaps oversimplified, this idea can be utilized by anyone. The Future of Jobs Report 2025 by the World Economic Forum noted that 39% of workers will see their existing skill sets transformed or even outdated over the next five years. Learning a new skill may not turn someone into a millionaire overnight, but it could make them more marketable.

The final pathway recommended by ChatGPT is best left to gamblers and those with incredibly good luck. In the high-risk, low-probability category is investing $10 in cryptocurrency or taking a chance on a penny stock. The second option is to gamble the money or buy a lottery ticket. As explained by the AI tool, opting in to these high-risk strategies will most likely just result in the loss of $10.


17. Forensic genealogists put name to skull found on 2002 Boy Scout hike

ST. PAUL -- More than two decades after a group of Boy Scouts stumbled upon a skull while hiking near Houlton, Wisconsin, a group that specializes in forensic genealogy identified the remains as those of a Stillwater, Minnesota, woman who died of natural causes in 2001 and was reported to have been cremated.

The St. Croix County Sheriff's Office contacted the DNA Doe Project in 2021, and the nonprofit soon created a genetic profile of the woman, which revealed that she was of Swedish ancestry. Early in the investigation, a forensic examination mistakenly determined that the remains were from a person of Asian or Native American heritage.

Using DNA databases, forensic genealogists sketched out the mystery woman's family tree and found a distant relative in Stockholm, whose great-great-granduncle immigrated to the United States in the 1890s. The man married in 1902 and fathered seven children, some of whom settled in Stillwater.

The team identified the remains as belonging to Alyce Catharina Peterson after the St. Croix County Sheriff's Office contacted her niece, who agreed to a DNA test.

But putting a name to the remains raised more questions. In a statement on the DNA Doe Project's website, case manager Eric Hendershott said that further investigation determined that Peterson had died of natural causes in 2001 and records showed that her body was cremated.

"This is the first time that I have seen a Doe identified as someone who had a death certificate and who was supposedly cremated," Hendershott said in the statement. "The fact that Alyce's skull ended up where it did was a real shock, but I'm glad that the team was able to identify her and reunite her with her family."

In a search warrant for cremation records that Maplewood Police Detective Ashley Bergeron requested on Aug. 6, Peterson had been transported to Regions Hospital in St. Paul for a medical emergency. She died there on July 23, 2001, from an aortic aneurysm.

"Through interviewing next-of-kin and a family friend," Bergeron writes, "the St. Croix County Sheriff's Office determined Peterson had been cremated at the Forest Lawn Cemetery" in Maplewood two days after her death.

"Peterson's next of kin did receive cremated remains; however, it has not been confirmed that those remains are Peterson," Bergeron adds.

According to the warrant, a medical examiner and a forensic anthropologist determined that Peterson's skull was severed from her body after her death, "likely with a hand saw tool."

Bergeron writes that she's investigating whether cemetery employees severed Peterson's skull and if it occurred on cemetery property.

MPR News left an email message with cemetery staff on Friday, Aug. 15.

In October 2002, Boy Scouts hiking at the Fred C. Andersen Scout Camp near the St. Croix River found a trash bag in a ravine several hundred yards from a road. Inside was a human skull that was "in the late stages of decomposition," according to Bergeron's warrant.

The St. Croix County Sheriff's Office made several attempts to identify the skull over the ensuing decades before contacting the DNA Doe Project.


18. Are You Drowning Too?: Vegetables Are Up 38.9%, Coffee is Up 25%, And Electricity Prices Are Rising Twice As Fast As Inflation

Do you feel knots in your stomach due to financial stress? If so, you certainly have lots of company. All of a sudden, everyone is talking about the cost of living and prices are rising by double-digit percentages all around us. There are so many people out there right now that feel like they are "drowning" because no matter how hard they try there simply isn't enough money for everything. Unfortunately, we are being warned to brace ourselves for even more inflation in the months ahead.

When I heard that the cost of vegetables in the United States had gone up by 40 percent in one month, I thought that there was no way that it could be true.

So I looked it up, and I discovered that the cost of vegetables in the United States didn't go up by 40 percent in one month.

The real figure was 38.9 percent...

A 38.9% increase in prices for fresh and dry vegetables from June to July was the major driver of a higher index for "final demand goods" (things that are done and ready to be sold to a consumer, as opposed to things that go into a later production process).

That is nuts!

How can the cost of vegetables go up by 38.9 percent in a single month?

Apparently this was the largest spike that we have ever witnessed in a summer month "in figures that go back to 1947"...

Per Bureau of Labor Statistics data, it's also the largest monthly increase ever recorded in a summer month (June-August), in figures that go back to 1947.

The price of coffee went up by 25 percent in just three months, and that was before coffee exports from Brazil were hit with a 50 percent tariff...

Coffee prices were already up before a 50 percent tariff on Brazil, the top coffee importer to the U.S., went into effect last week.

Coffee prices sharply rose 25 percent over the past three months, according to inflation data released Tuesday. Reuters reported Tuesday that Brazilian coffee exports have started seeing postponements to their U.S. shipments.

About two-thirds of all U.S. adults drink coffee.

This is one of the most basic things that Americans buy.

But now a lot of people are either going to have to cut back or stop drinking it entirely because it has become so ridiculously expensive.

Air conditioning is rapidly becoming a "luxury" as well.

Electricity prices have been rising twice as fast as the overall rate of inflation, and some seniors must now choose between paying the electricity bill and paying for medication...

Across the country, electricity prices have jumped more than twice as fast as the overall cost of living in the last year. That's especially painful during the dog days of summer, when air conditioners are working overtime.

In Pembroke Pines, Fla., Al Salvi's power bill can reach $500 a month.

"There's a lot of seniors down here that are living check to check. They can barely afford prescriptions such as myself," says Salvi, who's 63 and uses a wheelchair. "Now we got to decide whether we're going to pay the electric bill or are we going to buy medication. And it's not fair to us. You're squeezing us between a rock and a hard place."

As our leaders were borrowing trillions upon trillions of dollars that we did not have, I warned that this was going to cause rampant inflation, but a lot of people out there didn't want to listen.

And as the Federal Reserve was pumping trillions upon trillions of dollars that they created out of thin air into the financial system, I warned that this was going to cause rampant inflation, but a lot of people out there didn't want to listen.

At first it seemed like our leaders were totally getting away with it.

But now look at what has happened.

There are countless videos on TikTok right now of people breaking down emotionally over the rising cost of living.

In one video, a woman that feels like she is "drowning" explains that no matter how hard she works "she can't afford to live anymore"...

The video made by "diannaallen5" for TikTok was shared on X by @WallStreetApes to their 1 million X followers, writing, "Americans are breaking down, a grown woman crying because she can't afford to live anymore."

The woman in the video, who said she is from Illinois, was distraught and in tears as she spoke, saying that "gas prices and the electric bills and the prices of food is just so overwhelming."

"I'm wondering if anybody else is feeling like they're drowning and they can't get out," she said. "I work overtime, and I cannot get above water. I mean, I literally have no gas for next week."

"I'm just wondering if anybody else feels like they're drowning," she said is despair.

A LifeStance Health survey released today reveals "stressflation" is affecting most Americans, with 83% reporting financial stress driven by inflation, mass layoffs, the rising cost of living and recession fears. Millennials and Gen Z report the most significant mental health impacts.

The number of respondents who have been deterred from seeking mental health care due to financial constraints remains consistently high (60%), increasing two percentage points from 2024. Those experiencing high financial stress levels are more than twice as likely to forgo mental health treatment due to cost, highlighting a mental health gap where financial strain exacerbates mental health challenges while limiting access to care.

We should have seen this coming way in advance, because we were specifically warned that this was coming.

And if we stay on the same road that we have been traveling, conditions will get a whole lot worse.

A lot of people out there don't seem to understand that consequences do not always show up immediately.

What we are experiencing now is the result of decades of bad decisions.

It took time for the consequences of those bad decisions to materialize, but now they have officially started to arrive.

About the Author: Michael Snyder's new book entitled "10 Prophetic Events That Are Coming Next" is available in paperback and for the Kindle on Amazon.com. He has also written nine other books that are available on Amazon.com including "Chaos", "End Times", "7 Year Apocalypse", "Lost Prophecies Of The Future Of America", "The Beginning Of The End", and "Living A Life That Really Matters". When you purchase any of Michael's books you help to support the work that he is doing. You can also get his articles by email as soon as he publishes them by subscribing to his Substack newsletter. Michael has published thousands of articles on The Economic Collapse Blog, End Of The American Dream and The Most Important News, and he always freely and happily allows others to republish those articles on their own websites. These are such troubled times, and people need hope. John 3:16 tells us about the hope that God has given us through Jesus Christ: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life." If you have not already done so, we strongly urge you to invite Jesus Christ to be your Lord and Savior today.


19. American Leftists and Solidarity with Ukraine - New Politics

-- You are probably the only American politician of Ukrainian descent with progressive views, and this combination seems rather unusual in the American context. Tell us a little about your background, your path to activism, and work in the Vermont State Senate.

-- Yes, absolutely. It has been noted by many that it is a somewhat unusual combination of characteristics. I was born into a working-class family. My dad is Ukrainian -- his father was from Ukraine, and his mother was from Hungary. She actually left Hungary when she was 15, during the revolution in 1956. I spent a lot of time with my grandmother while I was growing up, because my parents were very young. So, a lot of the conversations that we had around the dinner table, I think, were profoundly different from the conversations a lot of my American peers were having -- particularly in terms of understanding what fascism looks like, and what it is like to live under occupation. Both she and my dad really raised me with a strong set of values that everybody deserves to have their basic needs met. And I think those kinds of leftist values were really instilled in me from an early age. I did not really know what they were, that that is what it actually was. It was just so core to how I grew up -- in our conversations, how we discussed and talked about what was happening in the world. I also think one of the unique parts of my upbringing, different from most Americans, was that I traveled a lot. I got to see other places and see that there are other ways of doing things in the world.

When I finished university -- this was before the Affordable Care Act -- I was deemed uninsurable by my workplace's health insurance because I had preexisting conditions from my childhood. And that is what really pushed me to become a community organizer. I plugged in here in Vermont with the Vermont Workers' Center and the "Healthcare is a Human Right" campaign. I did a lot of community organizing there, which started to put me in contact with other community organizers and helped me find some real language around what my beliefs and values were. I have also spent my entire professional career in human services and really started to recognize how much our systems were failing people. And I think that eventually led me to run for office, doing it from a community organizer standpoint. I am one of those who look at the government's structures and frameworks here and really across the globe and want them to work for everyone.

And it is not usually people like me who are elected in office. It is not usually working-class renters, people who are struggling with the same day-to-day things that the majority of people are struggling with. There is not usually a seat at the table for them. So, there was kind of a wide, winding path that brought me to this point. But I think, again, it comes down to the core values of people who raised me and spent a lot of time with me when I was young, developing my sense of the world and what is important. It has since allowed me to connect more globally with leftists, with Ukrainian leftists, and with people who really share my view that a better world is possible, but only if we stand together and fight for it.

-- According to recent polls, more than half of Americans believe that support for Ukraine, including military aid, is necessary. At the same time, the majority thinks that the war should end through negotiations between Russia and Ukraine, with the participation of the US. However, it is clear that attention to the war has declined significantly against the backdrop of the ongoing genocide in Gaza. How would you assess the dynamics of American society's attitude toward Ukraine and its right to resist aggression over the past three years? And what role have Trump's months of unsuccessful attempts to mediate a peace agreement between Ukraine and Russia played in this?

-- I think you are right that this kind of attention has declined. One thing I have noticed, with pretty much every issue, is that the American's attention span is short. I remember -- it must have been March of 2022 -- organizing with a small network of Ukrainians living here in Vermont, along with our federal delegation, to do a rally and an event at the State House. People were like, "Oh, we should push it out till it is warmer." And I -- very cynically, but unfortunately, correctly -- said, "You know, people are not going to be paying attention to this when it is warmer." Like, right now, all eyes are on this because it just happened, but there will be a next disaster that draws people's attention away. And I think that is exactly what we have seen happen as the focus shifts to the next crisis.

I also think that, yes, we should be talking about the genocide in Gaza. We need to be talking about all of these things. I would argue that, in some ways, there is genocidal behavior happening in Ukraine that we are not talking about. The Russians are kidnapping Ukrainian children and trying to take away their Ukrainian identity. Stories about political prisoners who are beaten for speaking Ukrainian -- those are genocidal actions and an attempt to take away culture and identity. And I do not want to get into the sort of Olympics whose suffering is worse. I think we have to be able to talk about all of these things. If we are truly going to stand in global solidarity for a better world, we have to be able to walk and chew gum at the same time.

What I think has happened in the months since Trump took over is that a lot of Americans have actually recommitted to their support for Ukraine. They saw that disastrous meeting where Donald Trump attacked President Zelensky. And what it really did was remind people that there is this war going on and this horrific partnership between Putin and Trump, as the world marches toward global fascism and global authoritarianism. So, I actually think that, in some ways, that has brought the issue back to the forefront, back to the surface, more so than it really had been for the past three years. And it is still really complex. I think there has been a large, organized movement to keep the Palestinian struggle at the forefront of people's minds, which has not existed as much and has not been as unified, when it comes to keeping the Ukrainian struggle at the forefront of people's minds.

-- From the very beginning of the full-scale war in Ukraine, a significant portion of the American left has effectively repeated Putin's narrative, according to which the Kremlin's aggression is actually a form of self-defense by Russia against the threatening imperialism of the US and NATO, while Ukraine is in fact a Western colony, whose power is, moreover, in the hands of neo-Nazis. This primitive explanatory scheme, based on an extremely superficial understanding of both the Ukrainian and Russian political situations, has proven to be very persistent and is largely unaffected by factual arguments. What do you think these attitudes are related to? And is it possible to change them in any way?

-- So, I think there is probably a mix of factors that bring this attitude into leftist spaces. It is incredibly difficult to break through them. What we know from sociological studies is that when people believe something that they have been propagandized to believe, giving them facts actually tends to make them dig in even deeper rather than bring them out of it. What is far more effective is connecting on some personal level or some moral level and then helping connect that to the issue. It is possible, though probably not for everyone. I think there are some individuals who are going to stand on that hill and stay on that hill, but I do not think that everyone who has been propagandized in that way is a lost cause. I think it is about how we connect with people -- how we help change that narrative, help them understand the history, and help them understand what is going on by connecting them to real people who are on the ground, who are there, who are experiencing it, who are living it.

The last three and a half years have been an incredibly painful experience as a Ukrainian-American leftist in leftist spaces. Certainly, I think some minds have been changed, and there have been spaces where I -- because it is personal to me -- have been able to connect with people and help them to see me as fully human, and through that connection, begin to look more deeply into their understanding. There have been other people with whom I have just had to say, "No, I cannot do this." I do not have the emotional energy or capacity to engage in this. And that varies from day to day, from moment to moment -- how much capacity I have.

I think the more we talk, the more we connect, the more open we can be, the more capacity we have to change that.

But on the other hand, there are people who believe that anything the U.S. does is bad. If the U.S. is supporting this, it must be bad, it must be imperialism. This view is overly simplistic and fails to recognize that what we are actually seeing is Russian imperialism.

While I hold no illusions that the United States was supporting Ukraine for altruistic reasons, I do recognize that what Russia was doing was imperialism and the occupation of a sovereign nation. That is always wrong. So, I think there is a lack of nuance and understanding. And I think that, in some ways, this is intentional. I mean, the United States has for many decades disinvested from civics education and from building the critical thinking skills that help people see that nuance. It is almost a sort of reactionary stance. There is the American exceptionalist view that everything America does is amazing. And then there is this sort of reactionary left-wing view that, no, the absolute opposite must be true. These positions exist without recognizing that, actually, most of human experience exists in the gray area, not at the extremes.

The messaging about neo-Nazis has been particularly troubling. I mean, all of it is troubling, but this is especially concerning -- because it is so deeply rooted in a misunderstanding of what these words even mean. Yes, there are Nazis in Ukraine, but there are Nazis in the United States, too. In fact, some are in the White House. When I look at the numbers of how many of those far-right Nazis in Ukraine ran for office and won -- it is zero, by the way -- versus how many are sitting in office in the United States, I think we, as the left, have to do some reflection. There are Nazis everywhere.

-- In fact, there are a lot of American Nazis who support Russia and admire Putin.

-- Yes, certainly. And actually, I have been reading through some speeches by Russians who have been arrested and are political prisoners for speaking out against Putin. Many of them name the Nazis in Russia who are in power. So, it is just such a false narrative, grounded in no real understanding of what imperialism is or what fascism is.

Sure, there are some Nazis in Ukraine, but the Ukrainian people do not deserve the occupation and imperialist fascism just because some people identify with far-right views. And to your point, there are far more of those people in positions of power here, in the United States, who actually support Russia. So, the factual basis of these arguments is just frustrating to me sometimes, because of the mental gymnastics you have to go through to make absolutely any logical sense of them.

-- One of the most difficult issues related to the war in Ukraine is the problem of military aid. On the one hand, Ukrainian cities are being barbarically bombed every day, and the Russian army continues its offensive regardless of casualties, making further military supplies vital for Ukraine. On the other hand, left-wing and progressive forces have traditionally opposed the U.S. military intervention in other countries and the strengthening of its military-industrial complex. Is it possible to combine an anti-militarist position with support for Ukraine today, especially with demand for the US government to continue this military aid?

-- I think this is one of those spaces where people refuse to live in the gray area where reality is. I would consider myself an anti-militarist, an anti-war peace advocate. But I also believe that allowing an imperialist aggressor to take over a country does not lead to peace. In fact, it is going to produce growth of militaristic actions. If imperialist Russia is able to go in and take away Ukraine's sovereignty, there is no world in which they stop there. We already know this. We know this from 2014, when Crimea was annexed. Then we were like, "Okay, as long as you stop there." But, of course, they did not, and they will not.

And so, I think this sits in this sort of nuanced space. "No, I don't want war," versus simply saying, "Sure, you can come in, attack, and take the sovereignty of this nation" does not produce lasting peace. If Russia were to stop fighting in this war, the war would be over. If Ukraine stops, there is no more Ukraine. And those are different spaces that you stand in. And sure, I would love to live in a world where there was no war, but that is not the world that we live in. And asking a sovereign nation to give up its land, to be occupied, to once again live under the oppressive occupying force of another country -- that is not peace.

I mean, we see that again, and this is what we have been asking the Palestinians to do for over 70 years: to live under occupation, to be occupied by another military power. It does not produce peace. It has not produced peace in Gaza. It will not produce peace in Ukraine. It will not produce the global peace that we need. And so, when I think about how to advocate for giving Ukraine the support it needs to end this with a Russian military defeat, that, to me, is a better path toward actual global peace. And then, of course, we have to go in and begin doing the relational repair work, doing the solidarity work, and doing the work to ensure that the Russian people can also overthrow their fascist government.

-- We have already discussed this briefly, but Ukraine and Gaza are currently the scenes of two of the bloodiest and most genocidal conflicts of our time, but it is extremely difficult to imagine a single movement of solidarity with the Palestinian and Ukrainian peoples in America today. What parallels do you see between these wars? And how can this be brought to the attention of American society?

-- I see a lot of parallels, and, of course, they are not exactly the same. I think it is really challenging to walk that line because when you are under attack, it is difficult to see the pain and horror of anything else that is going on. So, I think about that, and certainly, it does exist. I have had the pleasure of sitting and spending time in solidarity with people from Gaza who recognize the similarities between what is happening in Gaza and what is happening in Ukraine. Certainly, nowhere is a monolith. I am not going to say that is how everyone feels, but I have had that privilege of actually having those conversations with people from Gaza. But I do think that comparing is tough to do because there are differences.

Of course, I think anytime we get into the sort of the 'trauma Olympics" -- who's got it worse -- we are destined to fail. So, I think it is really about sitting with people, really connecting with people, and understanding them. Where are our similarities? Where can we stand together? Where do we need to center one thing or another? It is the same thing, I think, that happens in the left and in larger movements, at least in the United States, and maybe globally. Generally speaking, as we get siloed into our issue, we tend to be like, "Oh no, nothing else matters," instead of recognizing that actually, when we unite across those issues and fight for things that maybe do not directly impact us, we are stronger, and we have the power to actually win big, global victories.

And so the parallels that I see -- I think we have named some of them already. The Palestinian people have, for 75 years, been occupied by an outside imperialist, Western-funded nation. And I think that is one of the spaces where it becomes difficult for the left, because the U.S. has done so much to fund Israel. But we have done very little to fund Russia. It goes back to that same idea: if the U.S. is funding it, it must be bad, and if the U.S. is not funding it, it must be good. It is just overly simplified. Ukraine has, for centuries, fought for its freedom. At this point in time, it has not been the same length of occupation. Crimea was annexed in 2014. That is not 75 years, and it is not the whole country. There are differences, but there are also very real similarities. In both instances, the Palestinian people deserve sovereignty. They deserve not to be occupied. They deserve not to have people starving them or bombing them. And when I look through Ukrainian history, there is a history of Russia doing very similar things with the Holomodor, with what is happening right now, with the annexation of Crimea. So, parallels? Yes. Exactly the same? No.

You know, I think another big difference is that Israel was sort of artificially created by the West -- in my most cynical view -- as a way to open a door into the Middle East for Western forces. And in my least cynical view, it was created as an ethno-state. I do not know that ethno-states are ever healthy. That is not the case with Russia. Russia is not an ethno-state, and it was not created in that same way. So yes, there are definitely differences.

As for how to bring this to the attention of American society -- I mean, I think we just have to talk about it. We have to have conversations with people. We have to be willing, when we are able, to take the bold, possibly unpopular stance. I certainly have, with the platform that I have, stood in public spaces, made those parallels, and been called names for it. And that is fine.

So, I think we just -- the message has been so strong -- we cannot stop talking about Palestine. We cannot stop talking about Ukraine.

-- In recent years, some American leftists and trade union activists have shown solidarity with Ukraine not only by issuing statements, but also through practical actions -- delivering humanitarian aid, organizing delegations to Ukraine, helping refugees, and so on. In your opinion, how should such solidarity campaigns develop -- not only with Ukraine as a whole, but foremost with the Ukrainian working class, trade unions, and the Left movement? Why are such campaigns significant for Ukraine, and why are they meaningful for American society and American left progressive movements themselves?

-- I think they are meaningful for global society, because they allow us to connect in a grassroots way that envisions a world where everyone has their needs met. I certainly cannot think of a single country where it is happening right now. Well, certainly, there are some that I think do it better and some that do it worse. But I think the American left, and probably the global left, is woefully behind in recognizing and accepting that, whether we like it or not, the world is globalized. The fascist, imperialist, capitalist forces are globalized. They are looking at the exploitation of workers and the planet as just a means to make more money. The only way we defeat that is solidarity and connection. I am not saying that people should not still be doing this, but it is no longer going to be enough to organize our workplace into its own little union.

That is really important, and you should organize your workplace into a union if you are able to do so. But it will not be enough unless we are also organizing globally, because the oligarchs and the fascists are connected around the globe. So, that is why I think it is meaningful. Not just for American society, but globally, for the future that we can live in. In terms of why it is particularly important in Ukraine -- we have seen this time and time again, and it is already happening in Ukraine -- a war is used by vulture capitalists to buy up land and resources and ultimately to occupy a country that then never is able to bounce back. The austerity gets worse and worse and worse over time. So, I think it is particularly important to be connected now with the Ukrainian left, the working class, the trade unions -- to be thinking about a leftist future for Ukraine after this war. It is not about going back to what it was, because you cannot, and not about going toward what so many countries are coming out of war with, which is actually something worse. But instead, to take the opportunity of this horrific thing that has happened to rebuild Ukraine and to make it better -- Ukraine that is grounded in the needs of the many Ukrainians, that is grounded in worker's rights and anti-corruption, and is grounded in a future that every Ukrainian can believe in. I think there is hope in that, and I have found so much hope in connecting with the folks who are there on the ground, trying to do their work, recognizing that now is the time to do that, not when the war is over. Solidarity means doing everything we can to prevent what is happening -- and that is critically important. I think it is really critically important for the American left, which is part of why it is so frustrating to me because we do have an alternative here.

-- Thank you. I want to add one more question about the American political situation. Right now, we are facing a very dangerous moment as the U.S. is seeing attacks on basic social and political rights coming from the Trump administration. We are also witnessing a continuing decline in support for the Democratic Party, which has no clear strategy on how to resist the current administration. Of course, you have your own vision and perspective, especially because you were endorsed by the Democratic Socialists of America. Also you are connected to the broader leftist movement. What is your vision of the current situation, and more specifically, what do you think the strategy for resistance should be?

-- Absolutely, I mean, the current situation, as you have framed it perfectly, is dangerous. It is leaning fully into authoritarianism and fascism. It is creating chaos and fear, which are the point. Moreover, it is creating despair, which again is the point. These are symptoms, not the actual problem, which is the material conditions of everyday people. We know this from history. We know that when Hitler rose to power, it was because everyday Germans were struggling, were not able to put food on their tables, were not able to meet their basic needs. People in despair are easier to propagandize and weaponize. What I see in the U.S. is that Donald Trump, and those called by Trump, have said, "Yes, we see your despair. We hear about your struggle." What happened is the Democrats' fault. I cannot really call them the left party, which in most places in the world would be the center-right party at best. What they have failed to do is offer any hopeful alternative. In fact, they have also failed to even acknowledge the problem. But I have to show the whole scene. The right is saying things like, "Yep, I know things are bad, and it is the immigrants' fault," while the democrats response is, "No, it is not really like that. Listen to what economists say. The economy is great! Look at the stock market!" They won't even acknowledge that there is a real problem for people.

And when I think about the path forward, I believe the left is the only path forward. It is the leftist movement that meets people's needs, creates mutual aid networks, and ensures everyone can put food on their table -- that is the only way we defeat fascism. And that is going to take a whole organization to fill the vacuum, because there is no unified leftist political mechanism in this country. This is a byproduct, of course, of the two-party rule system. There are lots of laws and rules that make it extremely difficult to build such a movement in the limited time we have. Electoral politics alone will not save us. The system is structured to maintain power in the hands of the people who currently have power. And I think it also takes a lot of inside and outside organizing work.

We know that is true throughout history. I mean, the president who signed the Civil Rights Act was a segregationist. He did not suddenly stop being a segregationist. There was so much public outcry that it became politically impossible for him not to sign it into law. I think we have to work with one foot in the door of those structures, but with a lot of feet outside the door to move the political narrative back left. We know that is what people want. The election results showed us that that is what people want. The ballot initiative wins show us that that is what people want. And we have to start working in a more unified way to make it politically impossible not to go in that direction. Because frankly, what Donald Trump is peddling is faux populism. What we need is real leftist populist policy that works for everyday people without the nationalist, fascist underpinnings of where we are actually heading.

I mean, if I have an image of my perfect world, my perfect world is this sort of socialist world in which everyone has their basic needs met, in which the government is doing what I believe its job is -- making sure that people are not harming one another.


20. This is how your favorite sports mascots keep their cool  --  even in extreme heat - Muvi TV

It's been a summer full of heat waves, making it hard for anyone to stay cool. That's especially true for the mascots cheering on sports teams across the country wearing large, furry costumes.

The Associated Press wrote that mascots such as the Philadelphia's Phillie Phanatic, St. Louis' Fredbird and Chicago's Clark the Cub also take many breaks, are always hydrating, and make use of cooling materials and proper ventilation.

Mitch Maxine, owner of BAM! Mascots, keeps the heat in mind when designing costumes for various sports teams.

"The thing that prevents people from being hot is usually the movement of air," Maxine said to the AP. "If I make a costume, even if I make it out of very light, thin material, if I wear it in the middle of the heat, unless there's something to move air through the material and across my skin, I'm going to be hot."

BAM!, like other companies, the AP wrote, puts vents or battery-operated fans that circulate fresh air, and expel stale air and heat, from inside the costume's head. They also use lightweight fabrics that can keep moisture away and fabric screens on the eyes, mouth, nose and ears to get the people in the costume more fresh air.

One mascot has a unique way of staying fresh, even when sweating up a storm.

Tom Burgoyne, who performs as The Phillie Phanatic for the MLB team, told the AP he uses vodka and water -- though he doesn't drink it. Instead, it's to clean his uniform after long days outside.

"You put it in half-and-half, maybe a third vodka, the rest water, you put it in a squeegee bottle and you can spray your head that way," Burgoyne said.

As Straight Arrow News has previously reported, dangerous heat domes blanketed much of the United States during summer 2025. In July, the National Centers for Environmental Information wrote, the global surface temperature was 1.80°F higher than the 20th-century average. This means it was the third-warmest July since the NCEI started keeping these records in 1850. The other two warmest years were July 2024 and July 2023.

This trend of increasing temperatures is likely to continue. Scientists expect climate change to make these heat waves even hotter and more frequent.

So what can non-mascots do to prevent themselves from experiencing heat-related illnesses?

The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommend staying in air-conditioned indoor locations as much as you can during extreme heat wave; drinking plenty of fluids (even if you're not thirsty); wearing loose, lightweight and light-colored clothing as well as sunscreen when going out; taking cool showers or baths; and checking the local news for health and safety updates.


💰 FINANCIAL SECTOR UPDATES
----------------------------------------

1. [Finlight] Wall Street Sees More Upside for AMD (AMD) as Capex Rises

Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) is one of the Must-Watch AI Stocks on Wall Street. On August 13, Mizuho analyst Vijay Rakesh raised the price target on the stock to $205.00 (from $183.00) while maintaining an Outperform rating.

The rating affirmation comes as Hyperscaler capex continues to tick higher, while China adds another tailwind.

“We are raising our SepQ rev/EPS estimates from $8.71B/$1.14 to $8.80B/$1.15 (cons. $8.71B/$1.17), F25E from $33.2B/$4.00 to $33.4B/$4.02 (cons. $33.1B/$3.96), F26E from $39.3B/$6.01 to $39.9B/$6.09 (cons. $40.1B/$6.03), F27E from $45.1B/$7.39 to $46.5B/$7.62 (cons. $47.0B/$7.59). F25/26/27E Instinct GPU revs from $8.51B/$11.5B/$13.2B to $8.57B/$11.7B/$13/6B (cons. $7.91B/$9.42B/$10.2B). Reiterate AMD at Outperform and raise PT to $205 (prior: $183), 33.7x (prior: 30.5x) as we see AMD benefiting from MI308 ramps in China, while MI355 provides opportunity for upside with MSFT expected to see strong F26E capex.”

Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) develops and sells semiconductors, processors, and GPUs for data centers, gaming, AI, and embedded applications.

While we acknowledge the potential of AMD as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 10 Buzzing AI Stocks on Wall Street and 10 AI Stocks Making Headlines This Week.

Disclosure: None.


2. [Finlight] Why Analysts Remain Cautious on CoreWeave (CRWV) Despite Strong Growth

CoreWeave, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWV) is one of the Must-Watch AI Stocks on Wall Street. On August 13, Citizens JMP analyst Greg Miller reiterated a Market Perform rating on the stock without a price target. The rating affirmation reflects CoreWeave’s stronger-than-expected results and positively revised outlook.

JMP has noted how CoreWeave encompasses a business model that enables cloud and hyperscale companies to manage capital expenditure increases while accelerating time to market for their services.

At the same time, it remains cautious about GPU-as-a-Service providers’ ability to steer through falling average selling prices and increasing customer churn against rising real estate costs.

Why Analysts Remain Cautious on CoreWeave (CRWV) Despite Strong Growth

A financial analyst evaluating the large- and mid-cap U.S. equity market on a digital display.

“CoreWeave reported 2Q25 results that one would expect after such a high-profile IPO; stronger-than-consensus expectations with a positively revised outlook that clearly demonstrates the hyperscale company’s willingness to push balance sheet liabilities onto other companies in exchange for a high initial margin (over a 3-4-year term). While we continue to believe cloud/hyperscale companies will accelerate the push to use these companies to help manage capex increases and speed time to market, we remain cautious with regard to GPUaaS providers’ abilities to manage a declining ASP and increasing churn against the backdrop of an increasing real estate cost structure. We remain Market Perform rated on CoreWeave, as we wait for investors to gain a better understanding of the underlying KPIs.”

CoreWeave, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWV) is a cloud platform provider that provides equipment for AI and other computing purposes.

While we acknowledge the potential of CRWV as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 10 Buzzing AI Stocks on Wall Street and 10 AI Stocks Making Headlines This Week.

Disclosure: None.


3. [Finlight] Iraq starts mass grave excavation from ISIL (ISIS) carnage south of Mosul

The al-Khasfa site, near Iraq’s second-largest city, could contain 4,000 remains and possibly thousands more.

Iraqi officials have begun the excavation of what is believed to be a mass grave left behind by ISIL (ISIS) during its years of carnage exacted upon the civilian population after it seized large swaths of the nation from 2014 onwards, until being vanquished three years later.

Local authorities were working alongside the judiciary, forensic investigators, the Iraqi Martyrs Foundation and the directorate of mass graves to carry out the excavation in al-Khafsa, south of the northern city of Mosul, the state-run Iraqi News Agency reported on Sunday.

The site – a sinkhole about 150 metres (nearly 500 feet) deep and 110 metres (360 ft) wide – is believed to have been the grisly scene of some of the worst massacres committed by ISIL.

Ahmad Qusay al-Asady, head of the Martyrs Foundation’s mass graves excavation department, told The Associated Press news agency that his team began work on August 9 at the request of the Nineveh province.

The operation will initially be limited to gathering visible human remains and surface evidence, while preparing for a full exhumation that officials say will require international support, al-Asady said.

The foundation will then build a database and start collecting DNA samples from families of suspected victims.

Full exhumations can only proceed once specialised assistance is secured to navigate the site’s hazards, including sulfur water and unexploded ordnance. The water may have also eroded the human remains, complicating DNA identification.

Because of the presence of these elements, al-Khafsa is “a very complicated site,” al-Asady added.

Advertisement

Based on unverified accounts from witnesses and families and other unofficial testimonies, authorities estimate the site could contain at least 4,000 remains, with the possibility of thousands more.

Al-Khasfa is located near Mosul, Iraq’s second-largest city, where ISIL took control before being defeated in Iraq in late 2017. At its peak, ISIL ruled an area half the size of the United Kingdom, spanning across Iraq and Syria, with Raqqa in the latter being the capital of their self-declared “caliphate”.

The group was notorious for its brutality. The group carried out massacres of thousands of the Yazidi people and enslaved thousands of Yazidi women. The Yazidis, a long-persecuted group whose faith is rooted in Zoroastrianism, are still recovering from the horrors of ISIL’s onslaught on their community in Iraq’s Sinjar district in 2014.

Rabah Nouri Attiyah, a lawyer who has worked on more than 70 cases of missing people in Nineveh, told the AP that information points to al-Khasfa being “the largest mass grave in modern Iraqi history”.

Al-Asady, however, said investigators have not yet been able to confirm its size.

About 70 percent of the estimated human remains there are believed to belong to Iraqi army and police personnel, as well as other victims, including Yazidis.

Interviews conducted with numerous witnesses from the area suggest ISIL fighters brought people there by bus to kill them. “Many of them were decapitated,” al-Asady said.

In addition to ISIL-era mass graves, Iraqi authorities continue to unearth such sites dating to the rule of Saddam Hussein, who was toppled in a US-led invasion in 2003.


4. [Finlight] I Asked ChatGPT How To Turn $10 Into $1 Million: Here’s What It Said

According to the latest Global Wealth Report from financial services firm UBS, there are nearly 24 million millionaires in the United States. With millionaires seemingly lurking around every corner, I wondered how I could join their ranks.

Read More: I Asked ChatGPT What Would Happen If Billionaires Paid Taxes at the Same Rate as the Middle Class

Find Out: Mark Cuban Tells Americans To Stock Up on Consumables as Trump's Tariffs Hit -- Here's What To Buy

I asked ChatGPT how I could turn $10 into $1 million, here’s what it said, and whether the advice is worth considering.

Not Impossible

When I asked ChatGPT to make me a millionaire by turning my $10 into $1 million, I was thrilled to hear it wasn’t impossible. The chatbot, however, did acknowledge that it may require time, skill, and, often, some luck. The AI tool broke down my options for joining the financial elite into three overarching categories: realistic, long-term Strategies, moderate-risk, high-effort options, and high-risk, low probability paths.

Discover Next: I Asked ChatGPT How To Get Rich Off of Bitcoin — Here’s What It Said

Realistic, Long-Term Strategies

ChatGPT offered two long-term options for turning $10 into $1 million: investing in the stock market or starting a low-cost business. The chatbot recommended adding to the initial investment each month. It said that if $100 a month is invested in an S&P 500 index fund with ~10% annual return, I could become a millionaire in around 35 to 40 years as a result of compounding interest.

While most financial experts agree that investing is the most solid way to grow wealth, it may take more than $10 to reach millionaire status. Market volatility may also derail the strategy. It is strongly recommended that hopeful investors meet with a financial advisor first to develop the right plan moving forward. According to Fidelity, potential investors should first determine what they are investing for, the most part retirement, before deciding on a stock. A financial professional can then help determine what account is best based on individual needs and goals.

The second option suggested by ChatGPT was to start a low-cost business. This can be achieved, according to the online platform, by spending the $10 on a domain and then creating a blog or selling a digital product. While this may seem easy enough, in reality, it takes a level of expertise to get an online business started and even more to make it successful, given the crowded industry.

Moderate-Risk, High-Effort Options

The next set of options, as suggested by the popular chatbot, involves a little more risk and a lot more effort. In the moderate-risk category is flipping, arbitrage or skill-based work. As noted by the AI platform, the success of these depends on skill level, scale, and effort. Arbitrage involves the buying of an asset in a lower-priced market and selling it in a higher-priced market. ChatGPT recommended doing this via online marketplaces such as eBay and Craigslist.


5. [Finlight] Amid telco shake-up, can Singtel rely on customer loyalty to stay ahead?

SINGAPORE: As Singapore’s telecom sector enters a period of consolidation, one player has stayed noticeably quiet.

Earlier this week, Keppel announced plans to sell M1’s telecom operations to Simba Telecom, while StarHub confirmed its full acquisition of MyRepublic’s broadband business.

But Singtel – the market leader and the oldest telco in the country – has made no similar moves.

Business and brand analysts told CNA this is because it does not need to. Singtel's diversified business model and strong brand loyalty – including among younger customers who may not care about the company's legacy – give it the flexibility to sit out a domestic reshuffle.

“Singtel as a business is in a different class compared to the other telcos such as StarHub and M1,” said tech industry observer Oo Gin Lee.

Only about 27 per cent of Singtel’s revenue comes from Singapore. The rest is spread across investments in Australia, India, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, he said.

Associate Professor Hyeokkoo Eric Kwon of Nanyang Technological University (NTU) said he expects Singtel to avoid price wars and instead deepen its push into enterprise solutions and data-centre services.

“It has no urgent need for domestic mergers and acquisitions and will probably focus on execution as rivals digest recent moves,” he said.

Mr Oo added that anti-competition concerns could also make acquisitions difficult for a firm of Singtel’s scale.

Singtel Singapore CEO Ng Tian Chong told CNA that the company is investing in infrastructure, products and services to support both customers and the broader economy.

“As needs and industries evolve, we’ll continue to adapt, innovate and deliver experiences that matter to both our consumers and enterprises,” he said.

“It’s this agile mindset and forward-looking approach that has kept us relevant over the years, earning the trust and loyalty of our customers.”

FIRST-MOVER ADVANTAGE

Singtel’s early dominance has helped it build significant barriers to entry, with extensive infrastructure and network coverage, said Ms Shirley Tee, deputy director for industry and innovation at Nanyang Polytechnic’s School of Business Management.

“The company's first-mover advantage has allowed it to establish a robust customer base and develop deep relationships with both consumers and enterprises,” she said.

Mr Pulse Tan, principal consultant at Ninety One Branding and Marketing, also pointed to Singtel’s head start as its biggest advantage.

“When they were the only brand in town, they provided affordable and reliable services and earned that early brand loyalty,” he said. “That early trust still sticks, especially with boomers and Gen X who’ve been with Singtel since day one.”

While Singtel's services may not be the cheapest, the firm commands "emotional loyalty" by providing a sense of safety and peace of mind, said Singapore University of Social Sciences business school’s Associate Professor Lau Kong Cheen.

Still, loyalty alone is not enough, said Mr Lee Haoming, CEO of brand consultancy Louken Group.

“Customers’ needs change with the times, shaped by new technologies, shifting lifestyles and evolving expectations. A brand that stands still will eventually lose relevance, no matter how loyal its base once was,” he said.


6. [Finlight] Prediction: Nvidia's New China Deal Will Be a Game-Changer. Here's Why

Key Points

While most of Nvidia's revenue hails from the U.S. and Europe, the Chinese market represents an estimated $50 billion opportunity.

Recent changes to tariff policies and export controls have stifled Nvidia's potential in China throughout 2025.

Nvidia and the U.S. government have formed a deal structure that helps pave the way for Nvidia to reclaim dominance in the key Asian market.

10 stocks we like better than Nvidia ›

Although it's only August, 2025 has already played out like a modern-day Greek tragedy for semiconductor powerhouse Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA). Its year has been marked by a litany of setbacks, comebacks, and everything in between.

Earlier this year, more than $1 trillion of Nvidia's market value was wiped out. Yet today, the company boasts a market cap of $4.4 trillion -- reclaiming the crown as the most valuable company in the world.

At the center of Nvidia's headaches in 2025 is China -- and no, not because of DeepSeek. The real culprit has been a wave of sweeping tariff policies and export controls that have curtailed Nvidia's influence in the Chinese AI market.

Now, after months of negotiations with regulators in Washington, it appears that the tide may be turning. Nvidia could be on the precipice of reestablishing its presence in one of its most crucial Asian markets.

Let's unpack the details of Nvidia's new deal structure in China and examine why it should be celebrated as a massive win for investors.

How big an opportunity is China for Nvidia?

According to accounting and consulting firm Deloitte, the global total addressable market (TAM) for semiconductors, as measured by sales, reached $627 billion in 2024. Deloitte projects that the market will grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 19% over the coming decades -- ultimately reaching $2 trillion by 2040.

Outside of the U.S., China remains one of the most important markets fueling demand for high-performance chipsets, particularly graphics processing units (GPUs). Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang has estimated that the AI opportunity in China alone could be worth as much as $50 billion.

In 2024, Nvidia generated $130 billion in revenue, with China capturing roughly 13% of this sum. During the first quarter of 2025, Nvidia's $5.5 billion of China sales accounted for roughly 12.5% of total revenue.

This leveling trend underscores how the current administration's policies toward China have started to constrain Nvidia's growth potential in the region.

Image source: Getty Images.

Why is Nvidia's new China deal so important?

According to multiple news outlets, Nvidia has reached an agreement with Washington regarding its operation in China. Under the terms, Nvidia will pay 15% of its China-based sales to the U.S. government. In effect, the arrangement provides Nvidia with a pathway to penetrate this critical market through its tailored H20 chips.


7. [Finlight] 'Game-changing': Steve Witkoff lauds Trump for 'successful' Putin summit; proposes security guarantees for Ukraine

Despite failing to secure a ceasefire during the Alaska summit with Vladimir Putin, the White House achieved a significant breakthrough, according to Middle East Envoy Steve Witkoff. The agreement on "Article 5-like protections" for Ukraine is considered a game-changer. While no follow-up meeting was planned, discussions marked the first time the US has seen meaningful accommodation from Russia.


8. [Finlight] Why Amazon’s (AMZN) Diversification Strategy Keeps It on Wall Street’s Radar

Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) is one of the AI Stocks Investors Are Watching Right Now. On August 13, Telsey analyst Joseph Feldman reiterated an Outperform rating on the stock with a $265.00 price target.

The rating affirmation comes as Amazon continues to leverage its substantial $670 billion annual revenue base to expand market share.

"TAG View: Overall, this expansion to offer same-day delivery of perishable groceries creates a one-stop shop for an array of customer needs. Importantly, we believe this is a strong move for Amazon, deepening relationships with and share of wallet among its Prime member customers, as well as positioning the company to compete better with other leaders in the grocery space.."

This expansion builds on Amazon’s strength and positions it better against its grocery competitors. The firm also believes that the tech giant can leverage its Prime membership base, small business relationships, and technological advantages to continue gaining market share.

Some major growth opportunities further lie in grocery, private brands, pharmacy, logistics, and generative AI. These areas can make the company more valuable in the future.

"TAG Thesis: Broadly, Amazon should continue to gain market share by leveraging its sticky Prime member base, small business relationships, and technological edge. Amazon's ability to fuel key growth opportunities—grocery, private brands, pharmacy, logistics, and generative AI—should make it more valuable. The solid growth and profitability of AWS and advertising should continue to outperform and support Retail. We maintain our Outperform rating and 12-month price target of $265, which is based on applying an EV/EBITDA multiple of ~15x to our 2026 EBITDA estimate of ~$193B."

Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) is an American technology company offering e-commerce, cloud computing, and other services, including digital streaming and artificial intelligence solutions.

While we acknowledge the potential of AMZN as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 10 Must-Watch AI Stocks on Wall Street and 10 AI Stocks Making Headlines This Week.

Disclosure: None.


9. [Finlight] Citi Reiterates Buy on Microsoft (MSFT), Calls It a Top Software Pick

Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is one of the AI Stocks Investors Are Watching Right Now. One of the biggest analyst calls on August 14 was for Microsoft. Citi reiterated the stock as “Buy” stating the tech giant remains a top idea at the firm.

"MSFT remains a top pick in software, and we believe this week's announcement is another indication of the company's strong pricing power, which we believed combined with accelerating cloud/AI share gains can drive outsized returns."

Analysts on Wall Street currently have a consensus “Buy” rating on the stock. The average price target of $631 implies a 20.65% upside; however, the Street-high target of $700 implies an upside of 33.7%.

Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) provides AI-powered cloud, productivity, and business solutions, focusing on efficiency, security, and AI advancements.

While we acknowledge the potential of MSFT as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 10 Must-Watch AI Stocks on Wall Street and 10 AI Stocks Making Headlines This Week.

Disclosure: None.


10. [Finlight] Piper Sandler Raises NVIDIA (NVDA) Price Target to $225 Ahead of Earnings

NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) is one of the AI Stocks Investors Are Watching Right Now. On August 13, Piper Sandler analyst Harsh Kumar raised the price target on the stock to $225.00 (from $180.00) while maintaining an Overweight rating.

The rating affirmation comes ahead of Nvidia’s upcoming quarterly report, with Piper Sandler anticipating another positive quarter from the chipmaker.

The firm’s optimistic outlook is supported by positive commentary from US hyperscalers. It also highlighted how current estimates do not yet reflect anticipated revenue from China.

"We are expecting another positive quarter from NVDA and see upside to numbers for both the July and October quarters. While we are modeling largely in-line for the July quarter and slightly below Street for October, we are calling for upside given the recent positive commentary from U.S. hyperscalers as well as the inclusion of revenues from China. "

NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) specializes in AI-driven solutions, offering platforms for data centers, self-driving cars, robotics, and cloud services.

While we acknowledge the potential of NVDA as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 10 Must-Watch AI Stocks on Wall Street and 10 AI Stocks Making Headlines This Week.

Disclosure: None.


11. [Finlight] Wall Street Remains Bullish on Apple (AAPL) Amid AI Upside and Resilient Earnings

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is one of the AI Stocks Investors Are Watching Right Now. On August 13, Bank of America reiterated its bullish stance on Dell and Apple in a note to clients.

The firm cited early-stage artificial intelligence adoption and a pending PC refresh cycle as key drivers for the sector.

Particularly for Apple, it maintained a Buy rating, pointing to “resilient earnings, strong capital returns and optionality to monetize incremental avenues of growth.”

Wall Street Remains Bullish on Apple (AAPL) Amid AI Upside and Resilient Earnings

Pixabay/Public Domain

Analysts on Wall Street have a consensus Buy rating on the stock. The average price target of $240 implies a 3.2% upside; however, the Street-high target of $275 implies an upside of 18.3%.

Apple is a technology company known for its consumer electronics, software, and services.

While we acknowledge the potential of AAPL as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 10 Must-Watch AI Stocks on Wall Street and 10 AI Stocks Making Headlines This Week.

Disclosure: None.


12. [Finlight] Huge crowds gather in Israel calling for hostage deal and end to Gaza war

Hundreds of thousands of people have gathered in Israel to call for an end to the Gaza war and a deal to secure the release of hostages held by Hamas.

The largest crowd was seen in Tel Aviv's "Hostages Square" on Sunday, with the organisers saying the government's plans to seize control of Gaza City risked the lives of around 20 hostages still being held by Hamas.

A one-day national strike - part of wider protests - closed roads, offices and universities in some areas. Nearly 40 people were arrested during the day.

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu criticised the protests, saying they would "harden Hamas's stance" and would only slow down the release of the hostages.

Far-right Israeli minister Bezalel Smotrich also denounced the protests, describing them as a "harmful campaign that plays into the hands of Hamas".

The national strike was demanded by the families of hostages and others opposed to the expansion of the war.

Einav Zangauker, mother of hostage Matan and a leading figure in the Hostage and Missing Families Forum, said the group demanded "a comprehensive and achievable agreement and an end to the war".

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

"We demand what is rightfully ours - our children," she told the crowd in Tel Aviv. "The Israeli government has transformed a just war into a pointless war."

She was speaking after a video was released of her son.

"My heart burns with longing. My whole heart is scorched because of my Matan. Matan, I, an entire nation, we are doing everything we can for you, for all the hostages," she said.

The protests came a week after Israel's war cabinet voted to occupy Gaza City, the territory's largest city, and displace its population, in a move condemned by the UN Security Council.

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

Thousands of residents have since fled Gaza City's southern Zeitoun neighbourhood, where days of continuous Israeli bombardment have created a "catastrophic" situation, the city's Hamas-run municipality told the BBC.

Protesters filled main roads on the way to Hostages Square in Tel Aviv [Reuters]

At least 40 people were killed by Israeli attacks across the territory on Saturday, Gaza's civil defence agency said.

Hamas said in a statement that Israeli forces had been carrying out a "sustained offensive in the eastern and southern neighbourhoods of Gaza City, particularly in Zeitoun".

The Israeli military said it would begin allowing tents to be brought into Gaza by aid agencies again.

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

"As part of the preparations to move the population from combat zones to the southern Gaza Strip for their protection, the supply of tents and shelter equipment to Gaza will resume," the Israeli military body Cogat said.

Protesters block a road in Tel Aviv [Getty Images]

Israel plans to forcibly displace a million people from Gaza City to camps in the south but it has not provided an exact timetable of when its forces would enter Gaza City.

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is reported to want the entire city under Israeli occupation from 7 October.

At least 1.9 million people in Gaza – or about 90% of the population – have already been displaced, according to the UN.

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

The international body has indicated there is widespread malnutrition in Gaza, with experts backed by the organisation warning last month in a report that the "worst-case scenario" of famine is playing out in the Strip.

The war in Gaza was triggered by Hamas's 7 October 2023 attack on Israel, which killed about 1,200 people and saw 251 others taken hostage.

Israel's offensive has killed more than 61,000 Palestinians, according to figures from the Hamas-run Gaza health ministry, which the UN considers reliable.


13. [Finlight] Huge crowds gather in Israel calling for hostage deal and end to Gaza war

Huge crowds gather in Israel calling for hostage deal and end to Gaza war

Just now Share Save Asya Robins BBC News Share Save

Getty Images "Hostages Square" on Sunday in Tel Aviv

Hundreds of thousands of people have gathered in Israel to call for an end to the Gaza war and a deal to secure the release of hostages held by Hamas. The largest crowd was seen in Tel Aviv's "Hostages Square" on Sunday, with the organisers saying the government's plans to seize control of Gaza City risked the lives of around 20 hostages still being held by Hamas. A one-day national strike - part of wider protests - closed roads, offices and universities in some areas. Nearly 40 people were arrested during the day. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu criticised the protests, saying they would "harden Hamas's stance" and would only slow down the release of the hostages.

Watch: Protesters block Israeli road demanding hostage deal and war end

Far-right Israeli minister Bezalel Smotrich also denounced the protests, describing them as a "harmful campaign that plays into the hands of Hamas". The national strike was demanded by the families of hostages and others opposed to the expansion of the war. Einav Zangauker, mother of hostage Matan and a leading figure in the Hostage and Missing Families Forum, said the group demanded "a comprehensive and achievable agreement and an end to the war". "We demand what is rightfully ours - our children," she told the crowd in Tel Aviv. "The Israeli government has transformed a just war into a pointless war." She was speaking after a video was released of her son. "My heart burns with longing. My whole heart is scorched because of my Matan. Matan, I, an entire nation, we are doing everything we can for you, for all the hostages," she said. The protests came a week after Israel's war cabinet voted to occupy Gaza City, the territory's largest city, and displace its population, in a move condemned by the UN Security Council. Thousands of residents have since fled Gaza City's southern Zeitoun neighbourhood, where days of continuous Israeli bombardment have created a "catastrophic" situation, the city's Hamas-run municipality told the BBC.

Reuters Protesters filled main roads on the way to Hostages Square in Tel Aviv

At least 40 people were killed by Israeli attacks across the territory on Saturday, Gaza's civil defence agency said. Hamas said in a statement that Israeli forces had been carrying out a "sustained offensive in the eastern and southern neighbourhoods of Gaza City, particularly in Zeitoun". The Israeli military said it would begin allowing tents to be brought into Gaza by aid agencies again. "As part of the preparations to move the population from combat zones to the southern Gaza Strip for their protection, the supply of tents and shelter equipment to Gaza will resume," the Israeli military body Cogat said.

Getty Images Protesters block a road in Tel Aviv


14. [Finlight] 4 Ways To Scam-Proof Yourself When Getting Into Crypto Investing

Though you scroll through investing news on your phone every morning, checking the stocks as you stir your coffee, you’ve been a little leery of crypto. You’ve heard a lot of hubbub about people being taken advantage of, or outright scammed. Yet, you’re even more leery of leaving money on the table. And at this point, you know that crypto is here to stay. Time to get started — but safely, of course.

Check Out: 13 Cheap Cryptocurrencies With the Highest Potential Upside for You

Read Next: 5 Types of Cars Retirees Should Stay Away From Buying

Fortunately, there are ways to start investing in cryptocurrencies that can limit your risk of being scammed. GOBankingRates chatted with some experts to find out more how you can dip your toe into crypto investing without getting taken away by the current of fraud.

Look For Well-Established Projects

As the co-founder of the crypto growth platform Galxe, Charles Wayn knows how to spot solid crypto projects. His biggest tip for anyone looking to invest in a crypto project is to find one with a large, active and well-established community around it.

The same high standards you’d apply to any other company you’d invest in — like the quality of the products and projects, its track record of success, as well as the reputation of its leadership — are also applicable to cryptocurrencies.

“Reputation and credibility are as important in crypto as anywhere else; as is what the project itself does, the utility and value it’s offering, and its track record in terms of business operations and leadership,” he said. “In short, a good crypto project is not unlike a good company or a quality product and will pass all the same levels of consideration and due diligence.”

Be Aware: Suze Orman: 3 Biggest Mistakes You Can Make as an Investor

Watch Out for Red Flags

What is that old saying about wearing rose-colored glasses? Oh yeah, they keep you from seeing the red flags. According to Brian McGleenon, crypto expert and global head of news at BeInCrypto, people who fear missing out on the biggest, most exciting opportunities — and not doing their due diligence — risk putting on those rose-colored glasses.

So, what red flags might they miss? McGleenon said to be aware of things like anonymous founders, unrealistic yields and poor website quality — which should immediately raise your suspicion.

“If it feels too good to be true, it probably is,” he said.

Nic Adams, co-founder and CEO of 0rcus, a cybersecurity firm, concurred with these red flags, and added a few of his own. He wants beginners to be skeptical of opportunities that promise high returns with little or no risk, which he calls “a foundational fallacy in financial markets.”


15. [Finlight] Evercore Maintains Bullish Stance on Palo Alto (PANW) as Investors Look Past CyberArk Deal

Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ:PANW) is one of the AI Stocks Investors Are Watching Right Now. On August 12, Evercore ISI analyst Peter Levine reiterated an Outperform rating on the stock with a $220.00 price target.

According to the firm, investors are expected to focus primarily on Palo Alto Networks’ initial fiscal year 2026 guidance. There is going to be less emphasis on the pending Cyberark acquisition, which is unlikely to receive significant commentary at this stage.

Evercore ISI also expects FY26 guidance to come in slightly below Wall Street estimates. However, this has already been signaled and won’t be surprising. Investor sentiment remains muted, but the firm holds its optimistic outlook toward the stock.

"In terms of expectations for the FY26 guide, we took down our FY rev from 13.7% to 12.3%. With PANW tempering expectations over the course of the quarter, a below-consensus FY26 guide would be in line with recent signaling/should not come as a surprise. In terms of the quarter, sentiment appears more subdued relative to prior quarters, reflecting the modest revenue and ARR guide upside observed so far in FY25. "

Evercore Maintains Bullish Stance on Palo Alto Networks (PANW) as Investors Look Past CyberArk Deal

A financial analyst poring through documents and data, seeking an edge in the market.

"Recent investor conversations show low conviction and no clear bogey, as top-line beats have averaged just 1% in F1Q–F3Q. A 15% top-line print would likely suffice. We would expect product upside, supported by stronger product results from both CHKP & FTNT. From an NGS ARR lens, the bogey stands at ~32.5% y/y, or $500mn net new ARR, vs. the midpoint of the guide of +31.4% (+$460mn in net new). Our core L/T thesis on PANW remains intact. With the stock down ~18% since the deal announcement, we believe that, for investors with a multi-quarter view, we see meaningful upside from these levels, and our initial work suggests the strategic rationale for CYBR will ultimately prove sound."

Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ:PANW) is a leader in AI-powered cybersecurity.

While we acknowledge the potential of PANW as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 10 Must-Watch AI Stocks on Wall Street and 10 AI Stocks Making Headlines This Week.

Disclosure: None.


16. [Finlight] Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Is The Largest Position In My Trust, Says Jim Cramer

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks Jim Cramer Discussed. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN)’s shares have lost 1% since the firm’s latest earnings report, as investors worry about the firm’s cloud computing business. After the earnings, Cramer asserted that one reason the firm is facing a growth slowdown with its AWS business is due to over-reliance on its custom Trainium AI chips. This time, he discussed Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) retail business as well:

“So I think that, there isn’t anything in my mind that says that, you take warehouses being up, that employing people in warehousing. . .And then you take a look at what Amazon’s doing. You read how their big warehouses have no people. And them I’m supposed to conclude that the problem is warehouse employment? You need to be a little more granular than the Labor Department.

Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Is The Largest Position In My Trust, Says Jim Cramer

“Hey by the way, let’s not forget. We are going to have a number of drug stores in this country that is probably about one fifth of what we have now. And that was the Amazon factor. So you’re going to get your food, you’re going to get your drugs, it’s going to come to your house. It’s a whole new world. And Amazon’s got it. Let’s just walk away from the idea that web services is declining just for a few minutes please.”

While we acknowledge the potential of AMZN as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk. If you are looking for an extremely cheap AI stock that is also a major beneficiary of Trump tariffs and onshoring, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now.


17. [Finlight] FedEx Corporation (FDX) Has A Warehouse With No People, Says Jim Cramer

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks Jim Cramer Discussed. FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX) is one of the largest courier and transportation companies in the world. Its shares have lost 17% year-to-date as weak earnings reports, coupled with trade and tariff uncertainties, have affected them. FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX) has also suffered due to the Trump administration’s decision to revoke the de minimis exemptions, which meant that the volume of shipments sent to the US dropped significantly. In his previous remarks about FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX), Cramer has praised the firm’s CEO. This time, he commented on the firm’s warehouse operations:

“So I think that, there isn’t anything in my mind that says that, you take warehouses being up, that employing people in warehousing and then you look at FedEx, which has got a gigantic warehouse in the Boston area with no people.”

FedEx Corporation (FDX) Has A Warehouse With No People, Says Jim Cramer

Previously, the CNBC TV host was full of praise for FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX)’s CEO Raj Subramaniam:

“UPS, look, one of the things that I’ve got to hand, FedEx, Raj Subramaniam was in there. Man, he’s giving you numbers. And Subramaniam’s a hitter, okay. We have a lot of hitters today. Kelly Ortberg, hitter. Who’s a misser?”

While we acknowledge the potential of FDX as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk. If you are looking for an extremely cheap AI stock that is also a major beneficiary of Trump tariffs and onshoring, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now.


18. [Finlight] I Like Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Because Of Its AI Business, Says Jim Cramer

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks Jim Cramer Discussed. Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) is a networking equipment company. During the show, Cramer interviewed its CEO, Chuck Robbins, and discussed the stock throughout:

“When we talked to Chuck Robbins this morning, the business roundtable, they’re kind of confused. They’re kind of confused. They don’t really want to add a lot of people because they are afraid. That maybe AI can take the, over hired them.

I Like Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Because Of Its AI Business, Says Jim Cramer

Copyright: bluebay / 123RF Stock Photo

“[On how AI infrastructure orders were 2x the initial target] I thought that was terrific. Obviously it’s security that’s the issue. Not their giant, genuine refresh for all their switching and routing. It is certainly not their AI, which is very, very strong. The stock is down because of some words they had to say about security being disapponting. And I think we have to get to the bottom of that and figure out what’s going on. A lot of it is government work and you can asterisk and say if it weren’t for government work they would be fine. But no one asterisks anything one a stock has momentum on the downside, it’s just, down.

While we acknowledge the potential of CSCO as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk. If you are looking for an extremely cheap AI stock that is also a major beneficiary of Trump tariffs and onshoring, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now.


19. [Finlight] Palantir Technologies Inc. (PLTR) Could Help With Government Functioning, Says Jim Cramer

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks Jim Cramer Discussed. Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR)’s shares are among the top performers in 2025 as they have gained 135% year-to-date. The stock has benefited from back-to-back strong earnings reports which have seen the firm expand its valuation multiple known as the Rule Of 40. Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR) currently trades at a 589 P/E ratio, which makes it one of the most highly valued stocks on the market. Cramer discussed the firm in the context of improving the US government’s operations:

“If I brought in, yes, the stock that actually reversed yesterday in a criminal fashion, just kidding. Palantir. I think Palantir, with its ontology, its ability to be able to figure out an organization, would have much better numbers. I know praise Alex Karp almost the way I praised Jensen Huang. Which is completely wrong because one man is a force of good and the other one’s the force of I have no idea. But I do believe Palantir could do the numbers much better.”

Palantir Technologies Inc. (PLTR) Could Help With Government Functioning, Says Jim Cramer

Here are his previous thoughts about Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR)’s CEO, Alex Karp:

“And, Alex Karp, congratulations again for getting the stock up. What a guy. What a sweetheart. That’s a word that’s not used by anyone in the world, remember pistol competition he does.”

While we acknowledge the potential of PLTR as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk. If you are looking for an extremely cheap AI stock that is also a major beneficiary of Trump tariffs and onshoring, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now.


20. [Finlight] NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA): I Spend A Lot Of Time Shooting Down Rumors, Says Jim Cramer

We recently published 12 Latest Stocks Jim Cramer Discussed. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.

August has been an interesting month for NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA), as after the firm received the Trump administration’s approval to sell China the H20 GPUs, reports started to flow about potential security vulnerabilities or tracking software in the chips. While NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) asserted that no such vulnerabilities are present, more reports came to light and suggested that the Chinese government was advising firms not to buy its products. Cramer commented on yet another report about the firm:

“But we’re seeing a lot of crazy stuff. I mean yesterday NVIDIA was down all day. I said why? Well it turns out that there was a short story out there that NVIDIA’s gonna get late with the next chip which is the Vera Rubin, and therefore the MI450 by AMD is going to be in ascendance. The story was, I’ll just use a word that I think is really kind of indicative of where we are. It was a lie. It was a lie. . .it was untrue. And it caused a lot of people to buy AMD up nine and sell NVIDIA. Now there’s probably a new story about why NVIDIA’s down today. Because NVIDIA is so easy to known down right now because they’re an honest company. They don’t come in and they’re not a hyped company. They’re like, okay, they don’t come in and say what do we have to refute today? The fact is that the most major story about NVIDIA is a positive one. Which is that DeepSeek can’t make it so called [inaudible] chips that it needs and they need the H20.

NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA): I Spend A Lot Of Time Shooting Down Rumors, Says Jim Cramer

Photo by Luke Chesser on Unsplash

“. . .I don’t know spreads these things. I spend so much time shooting these things down, it’s like, I got the call at four o one saying finally got the saying here’s what happened. I said, well you know, three fifty nine the call would have been more effective cause the market closed. But everyone was focused on Mr. Bullish or whatever.

While we acknowledge the potential of NVDA as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk. If you are looking for an extremely cheap AI stock that is also a major beneficiary of Trump tariffs and onshoring, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.

READ NEXT: 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now.


💻 TECHNOLOGY HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

1. Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems - SiliconANGLE

Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems

Two of the largest enterprise infrastructure vendors announced product line expansions designed to give customers more options for deploying artificial intelligence workloads at scale. New offerings from Dell Technologies Inc. and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. include systems and software updates that incorporate Nvidia Corp.'s latest graphics processing unit technology and AI software, alongside tools from other partners, to help organizations move from AI experimentation to production.

Dell said it's updating its AI Data Platform with new components aimed at improving unstructured data ingestion, transformation, retrieval and compute performance. The platform is designed to handle the full AI workload lifecycle, from data ingestion to agentic inference to knowledge retrieval.

A new unstructured data engine developed in collaboration with Elasticsearch BV provides real-time, secure access to large-scale unstructured datasets, supporting advanced vector search, semantic retrieval and hybrid keyword search. The engine integrates GPU acceleration and Nvidia NeMo Retriever microservices for use in retrieval-augmented generation applications.

The Dell AI Data Platform also integrates a federated SQL engine from Starburst Data Inc. for querying multiple data sources without moving the data, and an Apache Spark-based data processing engine for batch and real-time analytics. They sit alongside Dell's PowerScale and ObjectScale storage systems, which support structured, semi-structured and unstructured data.

On the hardware side, Dell introduced PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers equipped with Nvidia RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell Server Edition GPUs, which are data center-class graphics and compute processors built on Nvidia's Blackwell architecture and designed for AI inference, visual computing, engineering simulation and virtual workstation workloads. Dell said the new GPUs can deliver up to six times the token throughput for large language model inference compared to its previous generation, along with higher engineering simulation performance and support for more concurrent users.

The R7725 will be the first 2U server to integrate the Nvidia AI Data Platform reference design, a validated blueprint for building GPU-accelerated infrastructure. Dell said the pairing yields a turnkey system for fast inferencing, semantic search and large AI workloads.

HPE said it's expanding its line of AI-optimized systems with new configurations that also use Nvidia's Blackwell architecture GPUs, as well as the latest Nvidia AI models. The company said these updates are intended to support both agentic AI -- or systems that complete tasks autonomously or with little supervision tasks - and physical AI, which involves AI control of robotics and other hardware systems.

HPE is also adding new options to its Cray XD670 and XD675 servers that allow them to be configured with Nvidia GB200 NVL72 systems for large-scale AI training, or with RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell GPUs for inference and smaller-scale workloads. HPE said both are pre-integrated with Nvidia's AI Enterprise software suite, including the NeMo framework and pretrained models such as Nvidia Nemotron for agentic AI and Cosmos for physical AI applications.

The company is also updating its GreenLake for AI offering to support the new systems. GreenLake is a consumption-based model for deploying AI infrastructure, allowing organizations to scale GPU resources as needed while keeping workloads on-premises or in colocation facilities. HPE said its Private Cloud AI will support the latest versions of the Nemotron and Cosmos models, as well as the latest Nvidia Blueprint for Video Search and Summarization.

Both companies' announcements center on integrating Nvidia's Blackwell-generation GPUs and related AI software into systems aimed at enterprises. Dell's focus is on connecting AI models to high-quality enterprise data, especially unstructured data, while HPE is emphasizing large-scale training and deployment of both agentic and physical AI models.

The announcements are part of a broader trend by infrastructure vendors to provide turnkey AI infrastructure that combines hardware, storage, networking and AI frameworks in pre-tested configurations.

Dell said its updated AI Data Platform with the unstructured data engine will be available later this year, alongside the PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers with RTX PRO 6000 GPUs. HPE said its updated Cray XD systems and GreenLake AI configurations will also be available in the coming months.


2. China's Tech Boom Attracts Foreign Investment Surge

The rhythmic hum of robotic arms in Suzhou factories and the digital pulse of Shanghai's AI labs tell an economic success story decades in the making. China has surpassed its ambitious five-year foreign direct investment (FDI) target of $700 billion ahead of schedule, with utilized FDI hitting $708.73 billion by mid-2024 -- a powerful rebuttal to narratives of foreign capital flight. This milestone, achieved amid global protectionist headwinds, underscores China's transformation into a high-tech investment magnet where innovation outpaces politics.

Despite geopolitical turbulence and supply chain realignments, China's patient cultivation of foreign enterprise is yielding historic dividends. Ministry of Commerce data reveals foreign firms now drive one-third of China's foreign trade, contribute 25% of industrial value-added output, and account for 1 in 7 tax dollars. Critically, they've generated over 30 million jobs since 2019 -- equivalent to the population of Malaysia. The 14th Five-Year Plan's $700 billion FDI target, once viewed as ambitious, was eclipsed six months early. In H1 2024 alone, 30,014 new foreign-invested firms registered across China -- an 11.7% YoY surge. While overall utilized FDI dipped 15.2% to $58.9 billion due to 2023's record-high baseline, the structural shift toward high-value sectors signals enduring confidence. As Franz Decker, BMW Brilliance Automotive CEO, asserted during the opening of their Nanjing R&D hub: "China demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation."

China's innovation pivot is rewriting FDI playbooks. Foreign capital flowing into high-tech industries leaped from 28.3% of total FDI in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023 -- a trajectory accelerating in 2024. E-commerce services saw explosive 130% YoY FDI growth in H1, while AI, biotech, and advanced manufacturing drew multinationals seeking China's "new quality productive forces." The Third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in June became a showcase for this transformation, featuring BMW's new Nanjing facility -- its largest Asian IT R&D center -- designed to leverage China's "rapidly evolving tech landscape." Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang, attending CISCE, observed: "China's supply chain is a miracle -- the world's largest and most complex, built on deep technology, AI and software. Technology adoption here is so fast, it sets global trends." This tech-led FDI boom reflects China's 9% average FDI return rate -- among the world's highest -- and validates Beijing's 2024 Action Plan stabilizing foreign investment through streamlined approvals and market access.

The H1 2024 FDI dip requires contextual understanding. OECD data shows global FDI fell 7% in 2023, with developing Asia experiencing steeper declines. China's contraction aligns with this trend while masking sectoral dynamism. Crucially, reinvested earnings by existing foreign enterprises -- a key FDI metric -- remain robust as firms like BASF and Tesla expand Chinese facilities. The State Council's 24-point guidelines for foreign investors, emphasizing intellectual property protection and equal procurement access, further anchor confidence. As the Ministry of Commerce emphasized in its June policy briefing: "Quality supersedes quantity -- we welcome capital aligned with high-end manufacturing and digital transformation."

China's $708 billion FDI milestone proves its economic resilience isn't cyclical but structural -- built on world-class infrastructure, deep talent pools, and unwavering commitment to innovation-led growth. For global investors, the calculus remains clear: overlooking China's high-tech transformation means missing the defining economic opportunity of our decade. Explore partnership opportunities through China's International Investment Promotion Agency to position your enterprise at the convergence of technology and growth.

China's 14th Five-Year Plan targeted $700 billion in cumulative foreign direct investment between 2021-2025. Ministry of Commerce data confirms this goal was surpassed six months early, reaching $708.73 billion by June 2024.

High-tech industries now dominate China FDI flows, rising from 28.3% of total investment in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023. E-commerce, AI, and advanced manufacturing led growth, with e-commerce FDI surging nearly 130% YoY in H1 2024.

BMW CEO Franz Decker cited China's "remarkable vitality in digital innovation ecosystems" when launching their Nanjing R&D center. Proximity to tech talent, rapid commercialization, and supportive industrial policies make China indispensable for global innovation.

Officials attribute H1 2024's 15.2% FDI dip to 2023's unusually high baseline and global trends. The 2024 "Stabilizing Foreign Investment" Action Plan counters concerns through market access easing and IP protections.

At approximately 9%, China's FDI return rate outperforms most major economies, according to World Bank investment viability analyses. This sustains appeal despite geopolitical uncertainties.

Data contradicts this narrative. Beyond record cumulative FDI, 30,014 new foreign firms registered in H1 2024 -- an 11.7% YoY increase -- with expansions by firms like Nvidia and BASF confirming long-term commitment.


3. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


4. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


5. Economic Watch: China's AI Tech Boosts Global Trade Efficiency, Facilitates Supply Chain

Beijing: To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q and A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing. "Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

According to Namibia Press Agency, during discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade. Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model. "The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes. At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms. The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images, and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for the overseas market. Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba. As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in the global trade landscape. At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent, and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world." China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi, and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce. Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


6. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

A visitor tries a pair of glasses at the booth of TCL in the Digital Technology Chain area of the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China, July 19, 2025. [Photo/Xinhua]

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30% The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95%, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

Open Source

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40% compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10% of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9% year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


7. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

This photo taken on July 17, 2025 shows robots at the booth of Nvidia during the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China. (Xinhua/Ding Hongfa)

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


8. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


9. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


10. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


11. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


12. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


13. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.


14. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


15. Economic Watch: China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation. ■


16. Nvidia CEO describes China's supply chain as 'miracle'

Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang on Thursday hailed China's supply chain as a "miracle," highlighting China's deep capabilities in artificial intelligence (AI) and computer science.

"The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," Huang told reporters at the ongoing China International Supply Chain Expo in Beijing.

Huang, a frequent visitor to China this year, stressed Chinese firms' critical role in the global tech ecosystem. "China is one of the few regions in the world with deep expertise in computer science," he said. "The architecture and algorithms used to serve such a large population are incredibly sophisticated."

Huang's remarks come amid growing tensions between the U.S. and China in the tech sector. Despite regulatory pressure and geopolitical tensions, Huang stressed the importance of continued collaboration and connection.

"We rely on the global supply chain to build very complicated products," he said, noting that Nvidia contributes software and hardware that power systems worldwide.

During the interview, Huang remained focused on the message: "Supply chain is connection. It takes many suppliers and providers around the world connected together in a supply chain."

Last week, the chipmaker became the first company ever to touch $4 trillion in market value.

Asked about the future of AI, Huang viewed it as the next major technological revolution, although it is still in its early stages. "The last 10 to 12 years were about preparing for today. Now, AI can reason, think and understand information. It's incredible," he said.

He also addressed the mounting concerns around AI safety. "We have to continue to advance the technology safely," Huang said, citing cybersecurity and environment monitoring as key areas to ensure responsible development.

In response to a question about China's role in AI development, Huang pointed to the country's large pool of researchers and deep interest in science and mathematics.

"China has great researchers perfectly prepared for this moment," he said.


17. Nvidia CEO depicts China's supply chain as "miracle"

BEIJING, July 17 (Xinhua) -- Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang on Thursday hailed China's supply chain as a "miracle", highlighting China's deep capabilities in artificial intelligence (AI) and computer science.

"The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," Huang told reporters at the ongoing China International Supply Chain Expo in Beijing.

Huang, a frequent visitor to China this year, stressed Chinese firms' critical role in the global tech ecosystem. "China is one of the few regions in the world with deep expertise in computer science," he said. "The architecture and algorithms used to serve such a large population are incredibly sophisticated."

Huang's remarks come amid at a time of growing U.S.-China tech tensions. Despite regulatory pressure and geopolitical tensions, Huang stressed the importance of continued collaboration and connection.

"We rely on the global supply chain to build very complicated products," he said, noting that Nvidia contributes software and hardware that power systems worldwide.

During the interview, Huang remained focused on the message: "Supply chain is connection. It takes many suppliers and providers around the world connected together in a supply chain."

Last week, the chipmaker became the first company ever to touch 4 trillion U.S. dollars in market value.

Asked about the future of AI, Huang viewed it as the next major technological revolution, though still in its early stages. "The last 10 to 12 years were about preparing for today. Now, AI can reason, think and understand information. It's incredible," he said.

He also addressed the mounting concerns around AI safety. "We have to continue to advance the technology safely," Huang said, citing cybersecurity and environment monitoring as key areas to ensure responsible development.

In response to a question about China's role in AI development, Huang pointed to the country's large pool of researchers and deep interest in science and mathematics.

"China has great researchers perfectly prepared for this moment," he said.


18. Nvidia boss brands China's supply chain a 'miracle' - RTHK

Nvidia chief executive Jensen Huang on Thursday hailed China's supply chain as a "miracle", highlighting China's deep capabilities in artificial intelligence (AI) and computer science.

"The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," Huang said on the sidelines of the ongoing China International Supply Chain Expo in Beijing.

Huang, a frequent visitor to China this year, stressed Chinese firms' critical role in the global tech ecosystem.

"China is one of the few regions in the world with deep expertise in computer science," he said.

"The architecture and algorithms used to serve such a large population are incredibly sophisticated."

Huang's remarks come at a time of growing Sino-US tech tensions. Despite regulatory pressure and geopolitical tensions, Huang stressed the importance of continued collaboration and connection.

"We rely on the global supply chain to build very complicated products," he said, noting that Nvidia contributes software and hardware that power systems worldwide.

"Supply chain is connection. It takes many suppliers and providers around the world connected together in a supply chain."

Last week, the chipmaker became the first company ever to touch US$4 trillion in market value.

Asked about the future of AI, Huang viewed it as the next major technological revolution, though still in its early stages.

"The last 10 to 12 years were about preparing for today. Now, AI can reason, think and understand information. It's incredible," he said.

Huang also addressed mounting concerns around AI safety.

"We have to continue to advance the technology safely," he said, citing cybersecurity and environment monitoring as key areas to ensure responsible development.

In response to a question about China's role in AI development, Huang pointed to the country's large pool of researchers and deep interest in science and mathematics.

"China has great researchers perfectly prepared for this moment," he said. (Xinhua)


19. Nvidia CEO depicts China's supply chain as "miracle"

BEIJING, July 17 (Xinhua) -- Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang on Thursday hailed China's supply chain as a "miracle", highlighting China's deep capabilities in artificial intelligence (AI) and computer science.

"The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," Huang told reporters at the ongoing China International Supply Chain Expo in Beijing.

Huang, a frequent visitor to China this year, stressed Chinese firms' critical role in the global tech ecosystem. "China is one of the few regions in the world with deep expertise in computer science," he said. "The architecture and algorithms used to serve such a large population are incredibly sophisticated."

Huang's remarks come amid at a time of growing U.S.-China tech tensions. Despite regulatory pressure and geopolitical tensions, Huang stressed the importance of continued collaboration and connection.

"We rely on the global supply chain to build very complicated products," he said, noting that Nvidia contributes software and hardware that power systems worldwide.

During the interview, Huang remained focused on the message: "Supply chain is connection. It takes many suppliers and providers around the world connected together in a supply chain."

Last week, the chipmaker became the first company ever to touch 4 trillion U.S. dollars in market value.

Asked about the future of AI, Huang viewed it as the next major technological revolution, though still in its early stages. "The last 10 to 12 years were about preparing for today. Now, AI can reason, think and understand information. It's incredible," he said.

He also addressed the mounting concerns around AI safety. "We have to continue to advance the technology safely," Huang said, citing cybersecurity and environment monitoring as key areas to ensure responsible development.

In response to a question about China's role in AI development, Huang pointed to the country's large pool of researchers and deep interest in science and mathematics.

"China has great researchers perfectly prepared for this moment," he said. ■


🎯 MARKET SYNTHESIS
----------------------------------------
Total stories analyzed: 124
Overall news sentiment: Positive (0.11)

Data Sources:
  • Financial Modeling Prep (FMP) - Market data & daily trading recap
  • NewsAPI.ai - World, USA, and tech news
  • Finlight - Financial market news

================================================================================
END OF BRIEFING