PREMIUM MORNING MARKET BRIEFING
Generated: August 17, 2025 at 11:07 AM ET
================================================================================

📅 ECONOMIC CALENDAR
----------------------------------------
No major economic events scheduled for today.

📊 PREMARKET OVERVIEW
----------------------------------------
Index Futures: Markets closed - Weekend

Cryptocurrency (24hr):
  • BTC: $118,218.47 (+0.65%)
  • ETH: $4,551.62 (+2.86%)
  • BNB: $859.11 (+2.37%)

🌍 WORLD NEWS DIGEST
----------------------------------------

1. Putin agreed to let US, Europe offer NATO-style security protections for Ukraine, Trump envoy says

NEW YORK (AP) -- Special U.S. envoy Steve Witkoff said Sunday that Russian leader Vladimir Putin agreed at his summit with President Donald Trump to allow the U.S. and European allies to offer Ukraine a security guarantee resembling NATO's collective defense mandate as part of an eventual deal to end the 3 1/2-year war.

"We were able to win the following concession: That the United States could offer Article 5-like protection, which is one of the real reasons why Ukraine wants to be in NATO," he said on CNN's "State of the Union." He added that it "was the first time we had ever heard the Russians agree to that."

European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, speaking at a news conference in Brussels with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, said that "we welcome President Trump's willingness to contribute to Article 5-like security guarantees for Ukraine. and the 'Coalition of the willing' -- including the European Union -- is ready to do its share."

Witkoff, offering some of the first details of what was discussed at Friday's summit in Alaska, said the two sides agreeing to "robust security guarantees that I would describe as game-changing." He added that Russia said that it would make a legislative commitment not to go after any additional territory in Ukraine.

Zelenskyy thanked the United States for recent signals that Washington is willing to support security guarantees for Ukraine, but said the details remained unclear.

"It is important that America agrees to work with Europe to provide security guarantees for Ukraine," he said, "But there are no details how it will work, and what America's role will be, Europe's role will be and what the EU can do, and this is our main task, we need security to work in practice like Article 5 of NATO, and we consider EU accession to be part of the security guarantees."

Witkoff defended Trump's decision to abandon his push for Russian to agree to an immediate ceasefire, saying the president had pivoted toward a peace deal because so much progress was made.

"We covered almost all the other issues necessary for a peace deal," Witkoff said, without elaborating.

"We began to see some moderation in the way they're thinking about getting to a final peace deal," he said.

Secretary of State Marco Rubio insisted there would be "additional consequences" as Trump warned before meeting with Putin, if they failed to reach a ceasefire. But Rubio noted that there wasn't going to be any sort of deal on a truce reached when Ukraine wasn't at the talks.

"Now, ultimately, if there isn't a peace agreement, if there isn't an end of this war, the president's been clear, there are going to be consequences," Rubio said on ABC's "This Week." "But we're trying to avoid that. And the way we're trying to avoid those consequences is with an even better consequence, which is peace, the end of hostilities."

Rubio, who is also Trump's national security adviser, said he did not believe issuing new sanctions on Russia would force Putin to accept a ceasefire, noting that the latter isn't off the table but that "the best way to end this conflict is through a full peace deal."

"The minute you issue new sanctions, your ability to get them to the table, our ability to get them to table will be severely diminished," Rubio said on NBC's "Meet the Press."

He also said "we're not at the precipice of a peace agreement" and that getting there would not be easy and would take a lot of work.

"We made progress in the sense that we identified potential areas of agreement, but there remains some big areas of disagreement. So we're still a long ways off," Rubio said.

Zelenskyy and Europeans leaders are scheduled to meet Monday with Trump at the White House. They heard from the president after his meeting with Putin.

"I think everybody agreed that we had made progress. Maybe not enough for a peace deal, but we are on the path for the first time," Witkoff said.

He added: "The fundamental issue, which is some sort of land swap, which is obviously ultimately in the control of the Ukrainians -- that could not have been discussed at this meeting" with Putin. "We intend to discuss it on Monday. Hopefully we have some clarity on it and hopefully that ends up in a peace deal very, very soon."


2. Everyone says this restaurant has the best biriyani - here's how to make it

Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info

The head chef at a multi-award-winning Punjabi restaurant has let customers in on the secret to his perfect King Prawn Biryani, a dish which sparks much debate in the South Asian community. Ali has one step which he thinks keeps customers coming back to Needoo Grill, in Whitechapel, time and time again.

Biriyani is a mixed rice dish made with meat or seafood and spices. It is one of the most popular dishes in South Asia and there are plenty of regional variations on how to make it.

Some biriyanis are layered and baked, others are served with potatoes and some are extra spicy. But Ali is pretty sure that his king prawn version takes the pip - so he's sharing exactly how to make it.

"My culture and hard work are my passion," says Ali, who runs the restaurant alongside his three bothers, serving up delicious food from the Punjab region of Pakistan. "We cooked at home in Pakistan - I saw my mum and grandmother cooking some dhal or other things like okra or bhindi bhaji - we loved cooking," he adds.

The first step is to cut the King Prawns down the centre, before adding them to a pan to fry for a few minutes. Ali then adds garlic and ginger.

He allows this to cook for a few minutes before chucking out the excess oil. Needoo Grill is renowned for its biryani, thanks to their secret family recipes for marinades and spice blends like its masala.

Ali has worked hard alongside his brothers to grow Needoo from a humble 45-seat venue to an award-winning 280-seat operation. It's almost always full to the brim.

He then adds an onion gravy sauce to the pan, as well as tomato and lemon. That's followed by salt and paprika. His masala spice blend is the key to this popular dish - but he won't give away the secret to that. Ali then adds pre-cooked rice and fries this for a few minutes until it's combined with the king prawns and sauce, and it's ready to serve.

Got a story? Please get in touch at katherine.gray@reachplc.com

Keep up with the latest East London news. Sign up to our MyEastLondon newsletter HERE for daily updates and more.


3. Tear gas deployed as protesters clash with Serbian police in latest violent demonstration

The protests calling for snap elections and an end to the 12-year rule of President Aleksandar Vucic have been largely peaceful in the past month before escalating to violence this week.

Tear gas was deployed in the latest violent clash between protesters and police in Serbia.

Tensions soared in the Balkan nation on Saturday after a group of young men wearing scarves over their faces threw flares at President Aleksandar Vucic's Serbian Progressive Party offices in Valjevo, 100km (60 miles) from the capital Belgrade.

The protesters, who were chanting slogans against Mr Vucic, set fire to the offices before clashing with riot police, who used multiple rounds of tear gas to fight and charged at demonstrators who were hurling bottles, rocks and flares at them.

There were similar clashes in Belgrade and the northern city of Novi Sad, with police also deploying tear gas after protesters set bins on fire.

In the town of Valjevo, thousands of people took to the streets to protest after a young man was injured by police who kicked him and hit him with batons.

One policeman was injured in the demonstration and 18 people were arrested so far, interior minister Ivica Dacic said.

The protests calling for snap elections and an end to the 12-year rule of President Aleksandar Vucic have been largely peaceful in the past month before escalating to violence this week.

University students have been a key force behind nationwide demonstrations that started after a renovated rail station canopy collapsed, killing 16 people in November last year.

Many blamed the concrete roof crash on government corruption and negligence in state infrastructure projects, leading to recurring protests.

Read more from Sky News:

European leaders to join Zelenskyy for Trump talk

Protesters go on strike in Israel demanding ceasefire

Mr Vucic and his right-wing party have repeatedly refused the demand for an early parliamentary vote and accused protesters of planning to spur violence on orders from abroad, which they have not specified.

A former extreme nationalist, Mr Vucic has become increasingly authoritarian since coming to power more than a decade ago.

He formally says he wants Serbia to join the European Union, but critics say he has stifled democratic freedoms and strengthened ties with Russia and China.


4. Woolly film about jumpers highlights tight-knit Cornwall community

The extraordinary story of jumpers knitted in a Cornish fishing village for generations is being shared in a new film. Lovingly created by family members, they are inextricably linked to the story of Polperro.

These hand-knitted garments, known as knitfrocks, carried distinctive patterns that helped identify fishermen if tragedy struck at sea.

The traditional jumpers were integral to everyday life and connected each person to their local village.

A new film from Historic England follows Gareth Powell, Historic England missing pieces project officer, as he explores Polperro and discovers the compelling yarn of the jumpers and their interwoven connection to the village.

Using 1851 census records and historic photographs, Gareth discovered one prominent Polperro family, the Jolliffs, who called the village home for generations.

He says in the film: "What if I was to tell you that a blue fisherman's jumper can connect people to place and tell the fascinating history of this small village?

"Here in Polperro, families lived, worked and survived by the sea."

The film also features an interview with Paul Dyer, director of Polperro Heritage Museum, who shows an example of "very labour intensive" Cornish knit frock.

He said: "The patterns are unique to not only the village but also to the people that were wearing them. They were made from untreated wool, so it still had lanolin in. And it was a very, very tightly knitted garment.

"Ideally you didn't wash them and they would repel water. They're very, very hard-wearing."

In archive photographs, Jane Jolliff can be seen knitting out on the cliffs while watching the harbour for boats returning from sea.

The tradition of knitfrock knitting has been passed down the generations and her descendent Tina Cowen has recently completed one of the last knitfrock jumpers in the village, which she shows to Gareth in the film.

Many of the places where the Jollifs lived and worked can still be seen in Polperro.

Gareth said: "There are stories that connect us all, in towns, villages and houses, just like yours. By linking them to listed places we can make sure that the histories of those communities live on."

"It's been a privilege to discover Polperro's fascinating history and to meet some amazing people who have generously shared their time and their stories with me.

"By sharing those stories on the Missing Pieces Project, I hope we've encouraged more people to get to know this beautiful village and its distinctive character."

Historic England's Missing Pieces Project aims to build a more complete picture of England's seaside heritage with hidden histories and overlooked stories.

It wants people to contribute their stories and photos to add to its history of coastal landmarks in Cornwall.

It says: "The stories of these historic seaside places in Cornwall are still being written - and they won't be complete until you share your memories and first-hand experiences of these gems.

"We'd love to see your photos and memories so that visitors to the Historic England website can learn more about what makes these places special. Perhaps there's a local landmark that means home to you, or a special place that shows you've reached your favourite holiday destination once again.

"Maybe there are local maritime traditions to be shared that have been passed down the generations, or a quirky mid-century marvel that brings a smile to your face.

"Your view of a place is as unique as you are, so every snapshot and story you add is an important piece of the picture."

They can be shared here. Find out more about the Polperro film and the places featured here.

Want the latest Cornwall breaking news and top stories first? Click here to join CornwallLive on WhatsApp and we'll send breaking news and top stories directly to your phone. We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don't like our community, you can check out any time you like. If you're curious, you can read our Privacy Notice


5. Mikel Arteta Makes Three Major Squad Decisions for Arsenal Opener vs. Man Utd

Mikel Arteta hopes to guide Arsenal to victory in their first game of a pivotal season. / IMAGO/Sportimage

Arsenal open their Premier League campaign at Old Trafford against Manchester United on Sunday with boss Mikel Arteta making three major decisions across the attack and defence.

The Gunners released their team news ahead of the game as fans pondered which XI the Spaniard would name given how tricky fixtures at the Theatre of Dreams can be. Even more so given Arsenal were stymied last year in a 1-1 draw, a game they trailed until Declan Rice rescued a point. Not to mention, how would Ruben Amorim line up the Red Devils?

Ben White, Riccardo Calafiori and marquee signing Viktor Gyökeres were named to the starting lineup after a build-up of debate and discussion. Jakub Kiwior is a notable miss as his future could be up in the air heading toward the summer window shutting. Christian Nørgaard also misses out surprisingly.

Arteta kept most of his lineup as expected: William Saliba and Gabriel in central defence, the expected midfield of Martín Zubimendi, Martin Ødegaard and Rice, plus Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka on the flanks. Bringing in White might be a sign of Jurriën Timber's fitness levels after looking uncomfortable at times in their final preseason game against Athletic Bilbao.

Calafiori over Myles Lewis-Skelly might mean more technical quality in the final third, but the latter provides solidity at the back. The Italian struggled to maintain fitness, but his availability might give away Arteta's hand when it comes to certain games if both are fit for selection.

Finally, Gyökeres gets the opportunity to impress right away. The Swedish striker faces off against his former manager, making his Premier League debut in one of the most anticipated fixtures every year. Gyökeres improved as preseason went on, scoring his first goal in the Emirates Cup. Some thought Kai Havertz might get the nod given he knows the system, scored himself against Bilbao and has seemingly bulked up this summer.

Perhaps Havertz, Lewis-Skelly and Timber get minutes later in the game, but the assessment overall showcases an improved bench which at times hindered the Gunners in previous campaigns. There are options to call on off the bench to change the game if necessary.


6. Can MSU Build Its Georgia Recruiting Pipeline?

The Michigan State Spartans have done a great job with recruiting in recent years. They have many different players that they were targeting, and they gained the commitment of. This includes players from a plethora of different schools and a plethora of different states. One of the states they have started to recruit heavily out of is the state of Georgia.

The Michigan State staff has hopes of being able to land the commitment of players that they have been recruiting from inside the Peach State lines, but sometimes in the state, they fall short. Even in the 2026 class, the Spartans fell short, as they fell short in the recruitment of Tyson Sanford. Sanford is one of the better players in the 2026 class at what he does, as he is one of the better defensive backs in the nation. He is a true defensive back, as he is someone who can play both cornerback and safety.

While they fell short for Sanford, they have still landed two commitments in the class. They have landed a pair of defensive back commits in the state of Georgia, which is one of many positions the Spartans can recruit quite well.

One of the commits that they landed is TJ "Truth" Umenyiora. Umenyiora is one of the better players in the class and is one of the most intriguing players at the cornerback position. Many different schools made an attempt to land his commitment, but the Spartans won the recruiting battle in the end.

Some of the teams that the talented prospect had targeting him were the Northwestern Wildcats, the Mississippi State Bulldogs, and the Auburn Tigers. These are some impressive teams for the Spartans to defeat in the recruitment, which makes this class even more intriguing, knowing the Michigan State target was bought in.

KJ Deriso is another state of Georgia prospect that the Spartans landed, as he is also a popular recruit. The Michigan State commit is one of the better players in the class along with Umenyiora. Deriso only officially visited the Spartans and didn't visit any other programs.

These two commits have helped many believe that the Spartans will be able to build a Georgia pipeline, which is one of the better pipelines to have when it comes to recruiting, regardless of the classification. There are many more uncommitted targets in a plethora of different classes from the state that the Spartans will hope to land.

Stay up to date on all your Michigan State recruiting news when you follow the official Spartan Nation page on Facebook, Spartan Nation, WHEN YOU CLICK RIGHT HERE, and feel free to share your thoughts when you join our community group, Go Green Go White, as well WHEN YOU CLICK RIGHT HERE.


7. At least 337 killed in Pakistan floods, gov't defends emergency response

Residents accuse officials of not warning them to evacuate as torrential rain, cloudbursts trigger deadly flooding.

Climate change-induced flash floods have killed at least 337 people in northwestern Pakistan, according to the National Disaster Management Authority, while dozens remain missing after the area was hit by flash floods in recent days.

In Kishtwar district, emergency teams continued rescue efforts on Sunday in the remote village of Chositi. At least 60 were killed and some 150 injured, about 50 of them critically.

Mohammad Suhail, a spokesman for the emergency service, said 54 bodies were found after hours-long efforts in Buner, a mountainous district in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, where torrential rains and cloudbursts triggered massive flooding on Friday.

Suhail said several villagers remained missing. Search efforts focused on areas where homes were flattened by torrents of water that swept down from the mountains, carrying massive boulders that smashed into houses like explosions.

Cloudbursts also caused devastation in Indian-administered Kashmir. Flash floods were reported in two villages in the Kathua district, killing at least seven people and injuring five others overnight, officials said.

Authorities have warned of more deluges and possible landslides between now and Tuesday, urging local administrations to remain on alert. Higher-than-normal monsoon rains have lashed the country since June 26 and killed more than 600.

Angry residents in Buner accused officials of failing to warn them to evacuate after torrential rain and cloudbursts triggered deadly flooding and landslides. There was no warning broadcast from mosque loudspeakers, a traditional method in remote areas.

Mohammad Iqbal, a schoolteacher in Pir Baba village, told the Associated Press that the lack of a timely warning system caused casualties and forced many to flee their homes at the last moment.

"Survivors escaped with nothing," he said. "If people had been informed earlier, lives could have been saved and residents could have moved to safer places."

The government said that while an early warning system was in place, the sudden downpour in Buner was so intense that the deluge struck before residents could be alerted.

Lieutenant General Inam Haider Malik, chairman of the National Disaster Management Authority, told a news conference in Islamabad that Pakistan was experiencing shifting weather patterns because of climate change.

Since the monsoon season began in June, Pakistan has already received 50 percent more rainfall than in the same period last year, he added. He warned that more intense weather could follow, with heavy rains forecast to continue this month.

Asfandyar Khan Khattak, director-general of the Provincial Disaster Management Authority, said there was "no forecasting system anywhere in the world" that could predict the exact time and location of a cloudburst.

Idrees Mahsud, a disaster management official, said Pakistan's early warning system used satellite imagery and meteorological data to send alerts to local authorities. These were shared through the media and community leaders. He said monsoon rains that once only swelled rivers now also triggered urban flooding.

Pakistan suffers regular flash floods and landslides during the monsoon season, which runs from June to September, particularly in the rugged northwest, where villages are often perched on steep slopes and riverbanks.

Experts say climate change is intensifying the frequency and severity of such extreme weather events in South Asia. While Pakistan is estimated to produce less than one percent of planet-warming emissions, it faces heatwaves, heavy rains, glacial outburst floods, and cloudbursts that devastate local communities within hours.


8. Solana Price Outlook: $300 On Hold As ETF Decision Delayed Till October, Traders Reposition To Remittix

Solana's rally toward $300 has hit a pause, with the long-anticipated ETF decision pushed back until October. While Solana Price remains under pressure, traders are scanning the market for new opportunities.

Many are shifting to Remittix, a rising PayFi project redefining cross-border payments with speed and low fees. As momentum cools for SOL, investors are betting that RTX could be the next breakout token.

The crypto market is still watching Solana closely, but the wait for approval on a spot ETF drags on. The SEC is expected to make its ruling in October, putting the brakes on short-term hopes for a major rally. For now, the SOL Price Prediction of $300 looks paused, even as infrastructure growth remains strong.

Recent Solana News highlighted that core metrics outpaced expectations. Total value locked jumped 30% to $8.6 billion, staking climbed 25% to $60 billion, and liquid staking penetration reached 12.2%. Despite lower memecoin trading, fundamentals show stability.

Average daily DEX volumes fell 45% to $2.5 billion, yet validator decentralization improved, and the Nakamoto coefficient now sits at 21. Upgrades like Anza's Alpenglow protocol could cut finality times to under 150 milliseconds, bolstering long-term confidence in Solana Price Prediction models.

Institutional adoption also holds promise. With the Solana Staking ETF already live and more spot ETF filings pending, optimism for Solana Price growth persists. Still, traders checking the SOL Price today recognize that volatility and delays may keep near-term gains capped.

Meanwhile, some investors are hedging bets with Remittix, a payments-driven token climbing toward its first CEX listing. While SOL Price consolidates, RTX's real-world utility narrative is pulling attention as a potential breakout play.

While Solana Price action faces turbulence, some traders are shifting their focus to Remittix. Unlike speculative projects that rely on hype, Remittix is building tangible infrastructure for cross-border payments. At $0.0944, the token has already raised over $19.8 million with over 604 million RTX sold, proving strong investor conviction even as other networks face setbacks.

What makes this different is real-world impact. Imagine a freelancer in Nigeria receiving stablecoins from a U.S. client. With Remittix, they can convert crypto to naira and receive funds in their bank within minutes. No slow wires. No inflated fees. This is crypto solving problems today, not in theory.

Momentum is undeniable. With stability built into its ecosystem and a $250,000 Remittix Giveaway attracting global attention, RTX could be the standout as traders reassess their positions.

Discover the future of PayFi with Remittix by checking out their project here:


9. No more German visas for Kremlin critics fleeing Russia?

Some 300 Russians and Belarussians may be prevented from obtaining visas for Germany after Berlin suspended its humanitarian visa programs at the end of July, according to the Ark project (Kovcheg).

Founded in March 2022, The Ark supports Russians fleeing persecution by the Russian authorities, in particular opponents of Russia's war against Ukraine.

In all these cases, visas had already been approved by the German Foreign Office -- but the Ministry of the Interior has stopped them from being issued.

One of those affected is Alexei Moskalev, a Russian man who was persecuted in his homeland because of a drawing his young daughter did in school. The drawing showed Russia firing rockets at Ukraine, with a mother standing in front of a child, holding up a hand to ward them off.

Masha Moskaleva from the Russian region of Tula was 13 years old when she did the drawing in an art class in the spring of 2022, not long after the start of Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine. The drawing was seized on by the international media after the Russian authorities took an interest in it.

According to the girl's father, Alexei Moskalev, the school administration reported the drawing to the police, and Masha was interviewed by members of Russia's domestic intelligence service, the FSB.

In 2023, Moskalev was sentenced to two years in prison. The court found him guilty of discrediting the army in anti-war comments he was said to have made on a Russian social network, Odnoklassniki. State authorities sent his daughter Masha to an orphanage before later handing her over to her mother, who had been estranged from the family for several years.

Moskalev left Russia after his release from prison in October 2024, as he was in danger of being arrested again. "When I was in prison, in Vladimir Putin's dungeons, FSB officers came to see me twice," he says. "They always stressed, at the end of our conversation, 'We're not going to leave you alone, even after you're released.'"

Anton K. (name changed for security reasons) left Russia at the start of the full-scale invasion of Ukraine. Back home, the former activist and journalist worked with publications branded "foreign agents" by the authorities. Today, he works for an online medium whose editor-in-chief is in custody, accused of inciting terrorism.

Anton K. also took part in anti-Kremlin protests, and was arrested many times in consequence. Russia's "Center for Combating Extremism" took his fingerprints so that, if necessary, it could find him more easily.

Like Alexei Moskalev, Anton K. is also currently in one of the CIS states. The Commonwealth of Independent States is an organization of Soviet Union successor states, and in addition to Russia it consists of Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan.

Lawyer Anastasia Burakova is the founder of Kovcheg, the Ark Project that supports Russian dissidents abroad. She told DW that it was dangerous for opponents of the regime to stay in these countries long-term. "There's always the risk of an extradition request from Russia if a person is wanted in a politically motivated case," Burakova says.

"There are abduction attempts, like those we've seen in Armenia, but there are also successful abductions, as in Kyrgyzstan; those people ended up in Russian prisons."

Anton K. and Alexei Moskalev were very aware of these risks, so they applied for humanitarian visas for Germany, along with some 300 other Russians and Belarusians. German authorities can issue this visa to independent journalists, activists, and politicians who are persecuted in their home countries.

According to The Ark, around 2,600 people from Russia have been granted these visas for Germany in the past three-and-a-half years of the war. "More than 2,600 people have been given the chance to come to a safe place, to evade a Russian prison sentence, torture, and persecution for their civil society activism and their opposition to the war," Anastasia Burakova stresses.

At the end of July this year, Germany's Ministry of the Interior announced that it was suspending the humanitarian visa program. The reason given was the coalition contract between the governing parties, the CDU/CSU and the SPD, which refers to a toughening of migration policy.

Anton K.'s visa was almost in the bag. At the beginning of July, he was invited to present his passport at the German embassy in order to receive the visa. However, at this point the procedure was broken off. Anton's passport is still at the embassy.

Alexei Moskalev had a similar experience. He says the German Foreign Office had already approved his visa, but because of the new government's decision, he hasn't received it. It has been more than six months since he submitted the required documents.

The German Ministry of the Interior told DW that the governing parties' coalition agreement included the intention to "terminate voluntary federal admission programs as far as possible," and said they were currently examining how this could be implemented with regard to the various programs.

"We cannot preempt the outcome of this review," it stated. "Until a decision is made, procedures for the admission of persons in order to safeguard the political interests of the Federal Republic of Germany under Section 22, Paragraph 2 of the Residence Act are also generally suspended, meaning that, in principle, new admissions will not be declared nor visas issued, except in urgent cases." The ministry added that exceptions could be made "in particularly special individual cases."

Anastasia Burakova hopes that this wording means that it will indeed make exceptions. It will become clear in practice what exactly the German authorities regard as "urgent cases," she says.

In August of this year, there were 1,043 people categorized by the Russian human rights organization Memorial as political prisoners in Russia. According to the independent Russian news portal The Bell, which operates outside the country, around 700,000 people have left Russia since the start of its all-out war against Ukraine.


10. Thiago connects on late penalty kick v. Forest

NCAA announces penalties in Michigan sign-stealing scandalNicole Auerbach, host of NBC's "Rushing the Field" podcast, reacts to the NCAA's penalties on Michigan for sign-stealing.<p><em><a href="https://www.nbcsportsboston.com/video/news/ncaa-penalties-michigan-sign-stealing/725913/?partner=yahoo&cid=yahoo">NCAA announces penalties in Michigan sign-stealing scandal</a> originally appeared on <a href="https://www.nbcsportsboston.com?cid=yahoo">NBC Sports Boston</a></em></p>


11. Rubio says Trump-Putin talks show 'Movement' ahead of Zelensky meeting

Talks between U.S. President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin have created enough momentum to warrant follow-up discussions with Ukraine and European leaders, U.S. Secretary of State Marco Rubio said in an interview with CBS on Sunday.

Rubio noted that both Russia and Ukraine would need to make concessions to end the conflict, while cautioning that Washington may not be able to deliver a guarantee of lasting peace.

European leaders are set to join Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky in Washington on Monday, aiming to strengthen his position as Trump pushes for a swift peace agreement following his meeting with Putin in Alaska on Friday.

"I'm not saying we're on the verge of a peace deal, but I am saying that we saw movement, enough movement to justify a follow-up meeting with Zelensky and the Europeans," Rubio told CBS's Face the Nation.

His remarks mark one of the first public assessments from a senior U.S. official directly involved in the Putin talks.

Trump offered few specifics in a social media post, simply declaring: "BIG PROGRESS ON RUSSIA. STAY TUNED!"

Speaking separately on Fox News, Rubio said negotiations had begun to narrow around core issues, including defining borders, securing long-term security guarantees for Kyiv, and clarifying which military alliances Ukraine might be permitted to join.

Putin has repeatedly ruled out Ukrainian membership in NATO, whose Article 5 collective defence clause obliges allies to defend one another in case of attack.

However, Trump's special envoy to Russia, Steve Witkoff, told CNN that the U.S. had extracted a concession that Washington -- along with European partners -- could provide Article 5-style security guarantees to Ukraine outside the NATO framework.

"This is one of the subjects up for discussion on Monday," Witkoff said.


12. Area has seven new head football coaches this season

Jonathan Gonell has been to the peak of the mountain in college football.

The four national championship rings he has from the University of Mount Union -- two as a player and two as an assistant coach -- are proof of where he's been and what he's done.

But Gonell will be in uncharted waters when he leads the Beachwood Bison onto the field for their season opener against visiting Bishop Rosecrans on Aug. 22. That's because for the first time in his decorated career, which included being part of a nationally ranked high school football team at Nova Southeastern (Fla.), Gonell will run onto the field as a head coach.

"It's going to be a different feeling, of course," Gonell said. "You're the head guy. It's going to be an exciting experience. The community's all going to be there, the families, the parents ... it's going to be a very surreal feeling and something I'm always going to remember."

Gonell is one of seven new head football coaches in The News-Herald area this season, along Joey Bates (Gilmour), Rossi Santo (West Geauga), Marcus Jones (Fairport), Brian Landies (Chardon), Keith Fife (Cardinal) and Eugene White (Richmond Heights).

All of them are head coaches for the first time.

"It's going to be different, but it's going to be an exciting different," said Bates, who took over the helm at Gilmour when former coach Tom Kaufman took the head coaching job at Marietta College. "There are definitely going to be some butterflies on my end. But I just want to make sure I'm doing everything in my power to put the team in the right spot. It's all about them. That's what matters the most."

Similar to Gonell, Bates has a brilliant resume heading into his first year at Gilmour. He played in four state championship games at Kirtland, including in 2015 when his late touchdown cemented a win over Marion Local. He has played in or coached in nine John Carroll-Mount Union games with the Blue Streaks.

"What's so cool about being back on the high school level is the adrenaline rush," said Bates, formerly an assistant at John Carroll. "It takes me back to my high school years. Winning helps -- everybody wants to win -- but it's the experiences that you remember, the random stories and relationships. That's everything. It's seriously everything, and I want to create that for these guys."

Santo knows all about that journey as well. He played under Coach Tiger LaVerde at Kirtland through his graduation in 2009. After assisting at Erie McDowell for two years and Riverside for five, Santo was an assistant the last six years at Kirtland, where he helped the Hornets win three rings and finish second three other times.

Santo doesn't imagine he'll be too worked up for his first game Aug. 22 at Geneva, noting, "I just want to see all the kids' hard work pay off."

As for himself, his hard work is paying off as well. He was a finalist for head coaching jobs in recent years before West G called his number.

"I think everything happens for a reason," he said. "West Geauga is a good fit. It's close to my home, I got a good job there. ... It's definitely exciting to branch out and see what we can do by ourselves."

Santo and Bates were standout players in the area during their day. Another such player -- and new head coach -- is Fairport's Jones. A Riverside product who went on to play at Gannon University, Jones has plenty of assistant coaching experience. Now he has the chance to put his stamp on the proud Skippers' program.

"Our first 7-on-7, that was the first time I felt like it was my team," he said in an exciting tone. "We are Fairport. I apologize for getting a little emotional about that."

Jones, who is the dean of students at Perspectives Academy in Beachwood, will lead the Skippers into battle Aug. 22 at home against Cambridge Springs, Pa.

"The butterflies are always the same as a coach or a player. It doesn't matter," he said. "I played in huge games at Riverside. I played in front of huge crowds at Gannon. ... I'm enjoying the heck out of this. I've been under great coaches and see how a program is run top on down. This is a huge opportunity for me. I can't express how happy I am here."

While Chardon's Landies is a first-year head coach, he has more assistant coaching experience than anyone in the lot. He's been an assistant at Chardon for 14 years, including many as the Hilltoppers' defensive coordinator.

Landies said one glaring difference between being an assistant and a head coach is having your hands in so many different area's as the head honcho, from the athletic department to parents, the gridiron club to sharing time with other sports on the field.

"The phone doesn't stop ringing or dinging," he said with a laugh.

But he loves it. Like the others, he's not entirely sure what the emotions of opening night will be. But after running onto the field with the Hilltoppers for so many years and helping the program win state titles in 2020-21, he feels he's ready for whatever Aug. 22 at Massillon Jackson brings.

"Man, we've been doing this long enough now and played in so many big games, I don't know if it's going to feel a lot different," he said. "My focus is on being as prepared as we possibly can be on Friday night. The hay is in the barn at that point."

As for Fife, he is no stranger to the Cardinal program. He steps into the head-coaching realm after being the Huskies' defensive coordinator the pat two seasons.

"Cardinal is a special place," said Fife in a school news release. "They treat you like family here. The community is all about their youth, and there's no other place I would rather be.

"Our goal this season is to put a more competitive team on the field. We want to build a mentality that we are a team that you will have to work hard to beat. My goal for the program is very simple. I want to get numbers up, and want to build a playoff-caliber program. Despite it taking a lot of work, it can be done."

White might be in his first year as a head football coach, but he has plentiful years as a head coach in girls basketball. He is currently also the head girls hoops coach at the school.


13. A decades-old rule lets drivers set speed limits on US roads. That could be changing

By JEFF McMURRAY - Associated Press

Rose Hammond pushed authorities for years to lower the 55 mph speed limit on a two-lane road that passes her assisted living community, a church, two schools and a busy park that hosts numerous youth sports leagues.

"What are you waiting for, somebody to get killed?" the 85-year-old chided officials in northwest Ohio, complaining that nothing was being done about the motorcycles that race by almost daily.

Amid growing public pressure, Sylvania Township asked county engineers in March to analyze whether Mitchaw Road's posted speed is too high. The surprising answer: Technically, it's 5 mph too low.

The reason dates back to studies on rural roads from the 1930s and 1940s that still play an outsized role in the way speed limits are set across the U.S. -- even in urban areas.

People are also reading... 'Particularly cold-blooded': Shooter who was 17 gets 25 to life in Shirley Avenue slaying Agency orders Buffalo Biodiesel to shut down after years of failing new permit requirement 'We paid now': James Cook signs contract extension with Bills to end hold-in Cheektowaga police shoot, kill man armed with knife in Buffalo, officials say Buffalo Diocese says parishioners' suit over abuse settlement could have 'devastating impact' Cheektowaga police release name of man fatally shot by officer Granville pleads guilty to charges of reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident Alan Pergament: Nexstar potential acquisition of Tegna could have big impact on top 2 Buffalo stations Buffalo businessman to bring new life to shuttered Rite Aid on city's East Side While facade is most noticeable, plenty is going on inside Bills new stadium The comeback begins: Chris Collins on his arrest, prison - and his new congressional campaign Bills joint practice observations: Offense out of synch early; Greg Rousseau makes impact Driver who killed bicyclist, injured 2 sentenced to prison, issues tearful apology The Anchor Bar's chicken wing origin story is well known. It also can't be true Alan Pergament: 'Hard Knocks' premiere has humor, 'stolen' moments ... and some yada, yada, yada

Born from that research was a widely accepted concept known as the 85% rule, which suggests a road's posted speed should be tied to the 15th-fastest vehicle out of every 100 traveling it in free-flowing traffic, rounded to the nearest 5 mph increment.

But after decades of closely following the rule, some states -- with a nudge from the federal government -- are seeking to modify if not replace it when setting guidelines for how local engineers should decide what speed limit to post.

Drivers set the speed

The concept assumes that a road's safest speed is the one most vehicles travel -- neither too high nor too low. If drivers think the speed limit should be raised, they can simply step on the gas and "vote with their feet," as an old brochure from the Institute of Transportation Engineers once put it.

"The problem with this approach is it creates this feedback loop," said Jenny O'Connell, director of member programs for the National Association of City Transportation Officials. "People speed, and then the speed limits will be ratcheted up to match that speed."

The association developed an alternative to the 85% rule known as "City Limits," which aims to minimize the risk of injuries for all road users by setting the speed limit based on a formula that factors in a street's activity level and the likelihood of conflicts, such as collisions.

The report points out the 85% rule is based on dated research and that "these historic roads are a far cry from the vibrant streets and arterials that typify city streets today."

Amid a recent spike in road deaths across the country, the Federal Highway Administration sent a subtle but important message to states that the 85% rule isn't actually a rule at all and was carrying too much weight in determining local speed limits. In its first update since 2009 to a manual that establishes national guidelines for traffic signs, the agency clarified that communities should also consider such things as how the road is used, the risk to pedestrians, and the frequency of crashes.

Leah Shahum, who directs the Vision Zero Network, a nonprofit advocating for street safety, said she wishes the manual had gone further in downplaying the 85% rule but acknowledges the change has already impacted the way some states set speed limits. Others, however, are still clinging to the simplicity and familiarity of the longstanding approach, she said.

"The 85th percentile should not be the Holy Grail or the Bible, and yet over and over again it is accepted as that," Shahum said.

Rethinking the need for speed

Under its "20 is Plenty" campaign, the Wisconsin capital of Madison has been changing signs across the city this summer, lowering the speed limit from 25 mph to 20 mph on local residential streets.

When Seattle took a similar step in a pilot program seven years ago, not only did it see a noticeable decline in serious injury crashes but also a 7% drop in the 85th percentile speed, according to the Vision Zero Network.

California embraces the 85% rule even more than most states as its basis for setting speed limits. But legislators have loosened the restrictions on local governments a bit in recent years, allowing them to depart from the guidelines if they can cite a proven safety need. Advocates for pedestrians and bicyclists say the change helps, but is not enough.

"We still have a long way to go in California in terms of putting value on all road users," said Kendra Ramsey, executive director of the California Bicycle Coalition. "There's still a very heavy mindset that automobiles are the primary method of travel and they should be given priority and reverence."

But Jay Beeber, executive director for policy at the National Motorists Association, an advocacy organization for drivers, said following the 85% rule is usually the safest way to minimize the variation in speed between drivers who abide by the posted limit and those who far exceed it.

"It doesn't really matter what number you put on a sign," Beeber said. "The average driver drives the nature of the roadway. It would be patently unfair for a government to build a road to encourage people to drive 45 mph, put a 30 mph speed limit on it, and then ticket everyone for doing what they built the road to do."

80 is the new 55

Fears about oil prices prompted Congress in the 1970s to set a 55 mph national maximum speed limit, which it later relaxed to 65 mph before repealing the law in 1995 and handing the authority to states. Since then, speed limits have kept climbing, with North Dakota this summer becoming the ninth state to allow drivers to go 80 mph on some stretches of highway. There's even a 40-mile segment in Texas between Austin and San Antonio where 85 mph is allowed.

Although high-speed freeways outside major population centers aren't the focus of most efforts to ease the 85% rule, a 2019 study from the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety -- a research arm funded by auto insurers -- illustrates the risks. Every 5 mph increase to a state's maximum speed limit increases the chance of fatalities by 8.5% on interstate highways and 2.8% on other roads, the study found.

"Maybe back when you were driving a Model T you had a real feel for how fast you were going, but in modern vehicles you don't have a sense of what 80 mph is. You're in a cocoon," said Chuck Farmer, the institute's vice president for research, who conducted the study.

A town's attempt at change

If elected officials in Sylvania Township, Ohio, got their way, Mitchaw Road's posted speed limit would be cut dramatically -- from 55 mph to 40 mph or lower. The county's finding that the 85% rule actually calls for raising it to 60 mph surprised the town's leaders, but not the engineers who ran the study.

"If we don't make decisions based on data, it's very difficult to make good decisions," Lucas County Engineer Mike Pniewski said.

For now, the speed limit will remain as it is. That's because Ohio law sets maximum speeds for 15 different types of roadways, regardless of what the 85% rule suggests.

And Ohio's guidelines are evolving. The state now gives more consideration to roadway context and allows cities to reduce speed limits based on the lower standard of the 50th percentile speed when there's a large presence of pedestrians and bicyclists. Authorities there recently hired a consultant to consider additional modifications based on what other states are doing.

"States have very slowly started to move away from the 85th percentile as being kind of the gold standard for decision-making," said Michelle May, who manages Ohio's highway safety program. "People are traveling and living differently than they did 40 years ago, and we want to put safety more at the focus."

It's unclear whether any of these changes will ultimately impact the posted speed on Mitchaw Road. After years of futile calls and emails to state, county and township officials, Hammond says she isn't holding her breath.

"I just get so discouraged," she said.

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

0 Comments The business news you need

Get the latest local business news delivered FREE to your inbox weekly.

Sign up! * I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy.


14. David Lynch's Longtime Collaborator Reveals 1 Detail About the Director That's 'Probably Not What You Expect'

Sutherland opened up about Lynch at the N.Y.C. date of Twin Peaks: Conversation With The Stars tour after a fan asked her to share a "little-known fact" about him

The cast of one of the legendary filmmaker's most beloved projects, Twin Peaks, is currently in the middle of a nationwide tour, Twin Peaks: Conversation With The Stars. While Lynch, who created the series with Mark Frost, could not be part of the tour -- he was supposed to participate prior to his death in January -- both he and his "movie mind" were at the heart of each story shared at the New York City show.

At one point, an audience member at the N.Y.C. tour stop -- held at Sony Hall on Sunday, Aug. 10 -- asked panel member Sabrina S. Sutherland, a longtime Lynch collaborator, to share a "little-known fact" about her late colleague. Sutherland -- a Twin Peaks fan turned Twin Peaks producer, thanks to a "very lucky" cold call -- was quick with her reply.

"He's hysterically funny, like, all the time," she said of the Mulholland Drive writer-director, "and he would make me laugh every day 'til I cried."

Seemingly referring to Lynch's tendency to tackle serious subject matter in his works (see: Blue Velvet, The Elephant Man, etc.) Sutherland -- who worked on seasons 2 and 3 of Twin Peaks -- then admitted that fans of the director's work may be taken aback by her answer.

"So that's probably not what you expect of David Lynch, but that's true," she told the crowd of Twin Peaks devotees. "He's a funny, funny guy."

Elsewhere during the evening, Sutherland -- who was also a producer on Lynch's 2006 film Inland Empire -- revealed that the late filmmaker planned to participate in the Twin Peaks reunion tour via video call before his sudden death at age 78.

"David was going to be with us on this tour," she told the crowd. "He really wanted us to do this, and he was gonna Zoom in and answer some questions. Unfortunately, he passed away in January."

After Lynch's death, several stars shared more insight into the legendary director through their touching tributes to the trailblazer.

Kyle MacLachlan, who starred as Special Agent Dale Cooper on Twin Peaks and worked with Lynch on Dune and Blue Velvet, credited the creative and "dear friend" for kickstarting his career.

"Forty-two years ago, for reasons beyond my comprehension, David Lynch plucked me out of obscurity to star in his first and last big-budget movie," MacLachlan wrote in an Instagram post, referring to Lynch's 1984 Dune adaptation. "He clearly saw something in me that even I didn't recognize. I owe my entire career, and life really, to his vision."

"While the world has lost a remarkable artist, I've lost a dear friend who imagined a future for me," the actor wrote, "and allowed me to travel in worlds I could never have conceived on my own."

Naomi Watts, who starred in both Mulholland Drive and Twin Peaks: The Return, also credited the director for putting her "on the map" while mourning him in a social media tribute of her own. "The world I'd been trying to break into for ten plus years, flunking auditions left and right," she wrote on Instagram. "Finally, I sat in front of a curious man, beaming with light, speaking words from another era, making me laugh and feel at ease."

"I just cannot believe that he's gone," Watts' post concluded. "I'm in pieces but forever grateful for our friendship."

Never miss a story -- sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human-interest stories.

Throughout August and October, Twin Peaks: Conversation With The Stars will see several core cast members of Lynch and Frost's beloved, genre-defying series reflecting on the show in panels across the country.

Along with Sutherland, the reunion tour features Ray Wise (Leland Palmer), Kimmy Robertson (Lucy Moran) and Harry Goaz (Deputy Andy Brennan). Stars Dana Ashbrook (Bobby Briggs) and Sheryl Lee (Laura Palmer) will also be at select dates.


15. Brooklyn lounge massacre leaves 3 dead, 8 wounded

Multiple gunmen open fire at packed restaurant, leaving 11 victims in their wake

A night out in Brooklyn turned into a nightmare early Sunday morning when multiple gunmen opened fire inside a crowded lounge, killing three people and wounding eight others in one of New York City's most devastating shootings this year.

The attack unfolded at Taste of the City Lounge on Franklin Avenue around 3:30 a.m., transforming what should have been a typical weekend evening into a scene of chaos and terror. Emergency responders rushed to the scene after receiving multiple frantic 911 calls reporting gunshots and injuries.

The victims, ranging in age from 27 to 61, included both men and women who were simply trying to enjoy their weekend. Among those killed were 1) a 27-year-old man, 2) a 35-year-old man, and 3) a third man whose age has not yet been determined. The eight surviving victims were immediately transported to local hospitals, though their current conditions remain unknown.

NYPD Commissioner Jessica Tisch revealed disturbing details about the scope of the violence during a press conference Sunday. Investigators discovered at least 36 shell casings scattered throughout the restaurant, suggesting the shooting was both prolonged and intense.

The sheer number of casings indicates this wasn't a brief exchange of gunfire but rather a sustained attack that left patrons with little chance to escape the violence. Crime scene technicians methodically combed through the debris, collecting evidence that could help identify the perpetrators.

Police suspect multiple shooters carried out the attack, though the exact number remains unclear. The coordination required to wound 11 people suggests this wasn't a spontaneous act of violence but rather something more calculated and deliberate.

Law enforcement agencies have launched an intensive search for the suspects, with detectives working around the clock to piece together what happened. CCTV footage from the lounge and surrounding businesses is being examined frame by frame to identify the gunmen and track their movements.

A significant break in the case came when investigators recovered a firearm near Bedford Avenue and Eastern Parkway. Forensic experts are now determining whether this weapon was used in the shooting, which could provide crucial leads about the suspects' escape route.

The fact that no arrests have been made more than 12 hours after the shooting has residents on edge. Multiple gunmen remain at large in one of New York's most populated boroughs, prompting increased police patrols throughout the area.

The shooting has sent shockwaves through the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood, an area that has seen significant gentrification and community investment in recent years. Local residents expressed disbelief that such violence could occur in their neighborhood.

Taste of the City Lounge, located at 903 Franklin Avenue, serves as a popular gathering spot for locals and visitors alike. The restaurant's transformation into a crime scene has left the community grappling with questions about safety and security.

Videos obtained by news outlets show the aftermath of the violence, with multiple police cars surrounding the establishment and yellow crime tape cordoning off several blocks. The normally bustling Franklin Avenue was transformed into an active crime scene that remained under investigation throughout the day.

Commissioner Tisch emphasized how unusual this level of violence has become in modern New York City. The NYPD has recorded historically low numbers of shooting incidents and victims through the first seven months of 2025, making Sunday's attack particularly jarring.

The commissioner described the mass shooting as a terrible anomaly in what has otherwise been a year of declining gun violence across the five boroughs. This context makes the attack even more shocking for residents who have grown accustomed to improved public safety statistics.

Despite the progress in reducing overall gun violence, Sunday's shooting serves as a stark reminder that devastating incidents can still occur without warning. The randomness of the attack has left many questioning whether anywhere is truly safe from gun violence.

Detectives are pursuing multiple leads while working to establish a motive for the attack. The large number of victims and shell casings suggests this wasn't a targeted shooting of specific individuals but rather indiscriminate violence affecting anyone who happened to be present.

The recovery of 36 shell casings indicates the gunmen came prepared for extensive violence. Ballistics experts will analyze each casing to determine how many different weapons were used and potentially match them to other crimes.

Police are also interviewing witnesses who survived the shooting, hoping to gather descriptions of the suspects and details about what led to the violence. These firsthand accounts could prove crucial in identifying and apprehending the gunmen.

The NYPD has not released any suspect descriptions or indicated whether they believe the shooting was gang-related, personal, or random violence. As the investigation continues, the families of the victims and the broader Brooklyn community await answers about who was responsible for turning a night out into such tragedy.

Anyone with information about the shooting is urged to contact the NYPD immediately as the search for multiple dangerous suspects continues across the city.


16. Garage fire in Harris Hill neighborhood causes $115,000 in damage

Damage was estimated at $115,000 following a garage fire overnight Saturday in the Harris Hill neighborhood in Clarence, the Amherst Central Fire Alarm Office reported.

According to the report, firefighters found the garage fully ablaze at 4147 Circle Court, off Sunset Drive, when they arrived around midnight after several callers reported the fire.

Listen now and subscribe: Apple Podcasts | Spotify | RSS Feed | SoundStack | All Of Our Podcasts

The report said that the fire was brought under control in about 20 minutes. The cause is under investigation by the Erie County Sheriff's Office Fire Investigation Unit.

Damage was estimated at $80,000 to the garage, $5,000 from exposure and $30,000 to the contents. No injuries were reported.

The Harris Hill Fire Company was assisted by fire companies from East Amherst, Main Transit, Williamsville, Bowmansville and Clarence.

Email danderson@buffnews.com.

0 Comments Get local news delivered to your inbox!

Subscribe to our Daily Headlines newsletter.

Sign up! * I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Dale Anderson

Reporter

Author twitter Author email Follow Dale Anderson Close Get email notifications on {{subject}} daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification.

{{description}}

Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.

Save Manage followed notifications Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today


17. Budget perils as state retiree liabilities soar by the billions

California's public employees not only receive the most generous pension benefits in the nation, but they also receive enviable healthcare and dental benefits. Such generosity, of course, is paid by taxpayers -- and in many cases not paid at all. California is amassing a growing level of debt as the costs for those benefits exceed direct state payments.

A new report from California State Controller Malia Cohen explains that "the state's net liability for retiree health and dental benefits -- also known as other post-employment benefits (OPEB) -- increased to $91.5 billion."

That's a $6.3-billion boost. The reasons include inflation, higher claims and changes in "plan design" that boosted costs, per her office's statement.

For context, California's total general-fund budget receipts are around $208 billion and the state recently struggled to shave $20 billion (mostly through gimmicks) from its spending. These liabilities aren't paid in a single year, but it shows the depth of the problem.

The controller's report is filled with detail, but paints an unrealistically rosy picture by pointing to ongoing state pre-funding efforts.

As the Sacramento Bee reported, the state began those efforts in 2010 with the goal for having these OPEB benefits fully funded by 2046 -- but only 9% currently are funded.

The Bee was correct that these liabilities reflect "a long-term financial challenge for California" and "recent decisions to suspend contributions for two years threaten to delay that goal."

The state's decision to take that kick-the-can approach is just one example of Gov. Gavin Newsom's and the Legislature's reliance on gimmicks -- rather than spending cuts -- to paper over projected deficits.

What good is a long-term plan to pre-fund benefits if the state simply suspends contributions to temporarily shave $700 million in annual spending?

As noted by David Crane of Govern for California, this is entirely a self-inflicted problem. "California is an embarrassing outlier in providing such an expensive retiree health benefit; e.g., a retired Washington State employee of Medicare age costs 1/10th as much as the same retiree costs California," he noted in a recent Substack post.

Worse still, this is a problem also mirrored at local government entities. "The state's extravagance is also mirrored in many of its cities, counties, schools (e.g., LAUSD alone is spending $318 million this year on retiree health costs), colleges, universities and special districts," he explained.

To what extent Californians believe it is in their interest to lavishly spend on former government workers isn't clear. But this is a status quo propped up and defended by the state's powerful government worker unions.

This comes at great cost to taxpayers, both directly in the form of the dollars going toward these perks but also indirectly as fewer tax dollars go toward things that actually benefit the public and instead go toward poorly designed and bloated benefit programs.

It might be news to our state's leaders at this point, but the national economy is showing signs of recession -- and it's a big risk to expect roaring stock-market gains to bail us out from growing liability costs.

At some point, California will need to stand up to its powerful public-employee unions and pare back these unaffordable benefits.


18. Kortney Hause shares message and claims what Aston Villa 'lacked' after exit - Birmingham Live

Aston Villa parted with Kortney Hause at the end of his contract this summer - his time at the club was ravaged by injuries

Kortney Hause has accused Aston Villa of a 'lack of support' as he bid, in vain, to return from a series of injuries which ravaged his time at the club and his playing career in general. Defender Hause originally signed for the club on loan from Wolverhampton Wanderers in 2018 and helped the club to promotion from the Championship.

This past summer, though, Hause left Villa at the end of his contract, having not played for the Lions since January 2022 during the tenure of Steven Gerrard. He spent the 2022/23 season on loan at Championship side Watford, but he only made three appearances at the beginning of the campaign after suffering a setback.

The fitness woes continued to dog Hause right up to the end of his time at Villa Park, and he was routinely left out of Unai Emery's 25-man Premier League squads when the club were required to list their designated players at the end of each transfer window.

Now, having left Villa and working on getting himself back playing again, Hause has pointed out the achievement in his career simply by playing in the Premier League in the first place despite the injuries that curtailed his career - and what he described as a 'lack of support' from Villa during those tough times.

"Could things have played out allot [sic] better if it wasn't for the injuries and the lack of support from the club while dealing with the injuries? Most definitely! No doubt! But nevertheless making it to the premier league isn't a coincidence or by luck," Hause posted. "I WAS MADE FOR THIS S***. Gotta write the ending to my own story. Still that. Gods perfect plan. Amen."

Everyday, the BirminghamLive football desk strive to deliver all manner of news, features and transfer-related stories as a part of our overall package of Aston Villa content.

Our dedicated reporter John Townley - who you can follow on X by clicking here - follows Villa home and away and offers you comprehensive coverage from matchdays, press conferences and everything that happens in between.

So much happens day to day and sometimes you can struggle to keep on top of the very latest updates as and when they occur - that's why we have produced a daily newsletter which you can sign up to, for free, and which means you'll have a round-up of the key stories land in your email inbox. Sign up to the Villa newsletter here.

You can also get all your favourite content from BirminghamLive's Villa team on WhatsApp. Click here to sign up for breaking updates about the biggest stories in and around the club.

If you prefer reading our Villa stories on your phone, consider downloading the BirminghamLive app, in which you can personalise the content you see by selecting Villa as one of your designated topics. You can get it from Apple here and for Android here.


19. DWP issues one-week warning for 6 million households to get £150 bill discount | Chronicle Live

The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has reminded households that they have just one week left to make one check that could entitle them to a £150 discount off their energy bill this winter. The Warm Home Discount scheme is available to people on certain means-tested benefits.

In order to receive the discount, eligible households must check that they are named on their electricity bill by Sunday, August 24, as this is the date from which suppliers will use their customer records to determine who qualifies to get £150 off. Having the eligible person named on the bill will help make sure households receive the discount automatically.

Last winter, 96% of eligible households received their discount automatically through this route, making it the easiest and quickest way for people who qualify to get £150 off their bill. However, a person may not be named on their bill if they have recently moved house and changed supplier, for example.

It's worth checking whether you are eligible for the Warm Home Discount this year even if you weren't last year, as an extension of the scheme means that an extra 2.7 million households will qualify this winter. The changes mean that those who receive Housing Benefit, Income-related Employment and Support Allowance, Income-based Jobseeker's Allowance, Income Support, Pension Credit and Universal Credit will now be able to get it.

Minister for Energy Consumers Miatta Fahnbulleh urged: "If you know someone who might be eligible - please start spreading the word to family and friends, encouraging them to check they are named on their energy bill."

We have a dedicated newsletter for ChronicleLive's money-saving and cost of living stories. It's free and you can sign up to receive it here. It will keep you up to date with all the latest money news and budgeting tips as well as stories on the cost of living crisis in our region.

People in England and Wales will qualify for the Warm Home Discount this winter if they are receiving one of the following means-tested benefits and are named on the electricity bill, either in their own name, that of their partner, or their legal representative, according to the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero:

The £150 is a one-off discount will typically be deducted from electricity bills between October and March - it is applied directly to your bill, and will not be paid to you. The majority of the UK's energy suppliers are part of the scheme, including Octopus, British Gas, E.ON Next, EDF, OVO and Utilita, with a full list available on the GOV.UK website.

Sunday, August 24 is the qualifying date where energy suppliers will match customer records against eligibility for the discount. After this date, eligible households will still be able to receive the discount, but they will need to wait for a letter to arrive later this year. If they have not received a letter by January 2026, then they will need to call the helpline, the Government advises.

While millions more households are eligible for the Warm Home Discount, the Government famously tightened eligibility around the separate Winter Fuel Payment, initially meaning that only those who get Pension Credit or a similar benefit would receive it this winter. Until 2024/25, the payment of up to £300 to help cover heating bills was given to almost all pensioners.

However, a recent U-turn under pressure from the public and campaigners now means that the Winter Fuel Payment will be paid to pensioners with an income less than £35,000 a year. Nine million older people are expected to receive the support this winter, with most receiving their payment automatically if they are eligible - more information can be found at GOV.UK.


20. Budget perils as state retiree liabilities soar by the billions

California's public employees not only receive the most generous pension benefits in the nation, but they also receive enviable healthcare and dental benefits. Such generosity, of course, is paid by taxpayers -- and in many cases not paid at all. California is amassing a growing level of debt as the costs for those benefits exceed direct state payments.

A new report from California State Controller Malia Cohen explains that "the state's net liability for retiree health and dental benefits -- also known as other post-employment benefits (OPEB) -- increased to $91.5 billion."

That's a $6.3-billion boost. The reasons include inflation, higher claims and changes in "plan design" that boosted costs, per her office's statement.

For context, California's total general-fund budget receipts are around $208 billion and the state recently struggled to shave $20 billion (mostly through gimmicks) from its spending. These liabilities aren't paid in a single year, but it shows the depth of the problem.

The controller's report is filled with detail, but paints an unrealistically rosy picture by pointing to ongoing state pre-funding efforts.

As the Sacramento Bee reported, the state began those efforts in 2010 with the goal for having these OPEB benefits fully funded by 2046 -- but only 9% currently are funded.

The Bee was correct that these liabilities reflect "a long-term financial challenge for California" and "recent decisions to suspend contributions for two years threaten to delay that goal."

The state's decision to take that kick-the-can approach is just one example of Gov. Gavin Newsom's and the Legislature's reliance on gimmicks -- rather than spending cuts -- to paper over projected deficits.

What good is a long-term plan to pre-fund benefits if the state simply suspends contributions to temporarily shave $700 million in annual spending?

As noted by David Crane of Govern for California, this is entirely a self-inflicted problem. "California is an embarrassing outlier in providing such an expensive retiree health benefit; e.g., a retired Washington State employee of Medicare age costs 1/10th as much as the same retiree costs California," he noted in a recent Substack post.

Worse still, this is a problem also mirrored at local government entities. "The state's extravagance is also mirrored in many of its cities, counties, schools (e.g., LAUSD alone is spending $318 million this year on retiree health costs), colleges, universities and special districts," he explained.

To what extent Californians believe it is in their interest to lavishly spend on former government workers isn't clear. But this is a status quo propped up and defended by the state's powerful government worker unions.

This comes at great cost to taxpayers, both directly in the form of the dollars going toward these perks but also indirectly as fewer tax dollars go toward things that actually benefit the public and instead go toward poorly designed and bloated benefit programs.

It might be news to our state's leaders at this point, but the national economy is showing signs of recession -- and it's a big risk to expect roaring stock-market gains to bail us out from growing liability costs.

At some point, California will need to stand up to its powerful public-employee unions and pare back these unaffordable benefits.


🇺🇸 USA MARKET NEWS
----------------------------------------

1. Putin agreed to let US, Europe offer NATO-style security protections for Ukraine, Trump envoy says

NEW YORK (AP) -- Special U.S. envoy Steve Witkoff said Sunday that Russian leader Vladimir Putin agreed at his summit with President Donald Trump to allow the U.S. and European allies to offer Ukraine a security guarantee resembling NATO's collective defense mandate as part of an eventual deal to end the 3 1/2-year war.

"We were able to win the following concession: That the United States could offer Article 5-like protection, which is one of the real reasons why Ukraine wants to be in NATO," he said on CNN's "State of the Union." He added that it "was the first time we had ever heard the Russians agree to that."

European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, speaking at a news conference in Brussels with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, said that "we welcome President Trump's willingness to contribute to Article 5-like security guarantees for Ukraine. and the 'Coalition of the willing' -- including the European Union -- is ready to do its share."

Witkoff, offering some of the first details of what was discussed at Friday's summit in Alaska, said the two sides agreeing to "robust security guarantees that I would describe as game-changing." He added that Russia said that it would make a legislative commitment not to go after any additional territory in Ukraine.

Zelenskyy thanked the United States for recent signals that Washington is willing to support security guarantees for Ukraine, but said the details remained unclear.

"It is important that America agrees to work with Europe to provide security guarantees for Ukraine," he said, "But there are no details how it will work, and what America's role will be, Europe's role will be and what the EU can do, and this is our main task, we need security to work in practice like Article 5 of NATO, and we consider EU accession to be part of the security guarantees."

Witkoff defended Trump's decision to abandon his push for Russian to agree to an immediate ceasefire, saying the president had pivoted toward a peace deal because so much progress was made.

"We covered almost all the other issues necessary for a peace deal," Witkoff said, without elaborating.

"We began to see some moderation in the way they're thinking about getting to a final peace deal," he said.

Secretary of State Marco Rubio insisted there would be "additional consequences" as Trump warned before meeting with Putin, if they failed to reach a ceasefire. But Rubio noted that there wasn't going to be any sort of deal on a truce reached when Ukraine wasn't at the talks.

"Now, ultimately, if there isn't a peace agreement, if there isn't an end of this war, the president's been clear, there are going to be consequences," Rubio said on ABC's "This Week." "But we're trying to avoid that. And the way we're trying to avoid those consequences is with an even better consequence, which is peace, the end of hostilities."

Rubio, who is also Trump's national security adviser, said he did not believe issuing new sanctions on Russia would force Putin to accept a ceasefire, noting that the latter isn't off the table but that "the best way to end this conflict is through a full peace deal."

"The minute you issue new sanctions, your ability to get them to the table, our ability to get them to table will be severely diminished," Rubio said on NBC's "Meet the Press."

He also said "we're not at the precipice of a peace agreement" and that getting there would not be easy and would take a lot of work.

"We made progress in the sense that we identified potential areas of agreement, but there remains some big areas of disagreement. So we're still a long ways off," Rubio said.

Zelenskyy and Europeans leaders are scheduled to meet Monday with Trump at the White House. They heard from the president after his meeting with Putin.

"I think everybody agreed that we had made progress. Maybe not enough for a peace deal, but we are on the path for the first time," Witkoff said.

He added: "The fundamental issue, which is some sort of land swap, which is obviously ultimately in the control of the Ukrainians -- that could not have been discussed at this meeting" with Putin. "We intend to discuss it on Monday. Hopefully we have some clarity on it and hopefully that ends up in a peace deal very, very soon."


2. Kamala Harris' Flop Call Her Daddy Interview Has Come Back To Bite Her Reputation - Nicki Swift

The dust from Kamala Harris' failed presidential campaign may have settled, but all of the blowback from her flop sit-down interview with Alex Cooper on the "Call Her Daddy" podcast still haunts her to this day. Podcast host Cooper rose to fame by revealing all of her casual sexual exploits and shady side on the explicit podcast, including coining the term "Gluck Gluck 9000" to refer to a particular fellatio technique. As one can imagine, the idea that the sitting vice president of the United States was planning to sit down and talk shop on the no-holds-barred podcast had many clutching their pearls -- a head-turning transformation for Harris, indeed. "No political candidate with even a shred of self-respect would even consider going on that trashy podcast," one X user wrote.

Unfortunately for Harris, the appearance did prove to be a swing and a miss. Per the New York Post, as of December 12, more than two months after it premiered, the episode had only garnered 933,000 views. Meanwhile, Joe Rogan's podcast episode featuring Donald Trump had racked up more than 52 million views on YouTube. A flop, indeed.

Sadly, the interview is still coming back to bite Harris' reputation. For starters, the timing wasn't great for a strategic appearance on "Call Her Daddy." But that's not all. Some went as far as to say the interview made Harris look less serious as a presidential candidate. And there are also those pesky rumors about how much her campaign spent to create a makeshift one-and-done podcast set.


3. What will the Putin-Trump meeting mean for the war in Ukraine?

The much-anticipated summit between the leaders of Russia and United States concluded without a deal to end the war in Ukraine.

Despite this, US President Donald Trump and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin say "great progress" was made at "constructive" talks in Alaska.

Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskyy was not invited. Instead, after a lengthy phone call with President Trump, he's heading to the White House on Monday.

So, were ceasefire options discussed behind closed doors?

Could an end to the war finally be in sight?

And what does the summit mean for Russian-American relations?

Andrei Fedorov - Former deputy foreign minister of Russia

Thomas Pickering - Former US ambassador to Russia and the United Nations

Oleksiy Goncharenko - Politician and member of the Ukrainian parliament


4. Driver of semi in U-turn attempt on Florida's Turnpike that killed 3 charged, detained by ICE

Commercial truck driver Harjinder Singh was charged with homicide and detained by Immigration and Customs Enforcement after an illegal U-turn that killed three in St. Lucie County, the Florida Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles said.

FLHSMV said state troopers responded to a crash on Florida's Turnpike in St. Lucie County on Tuesday that involved a mini-van and a commercial semi-truck and trailer. Based on the initial but on-going criminal investigation, FLHSMV said it is evident that Singh, the driver of the commercial semi-truck, recklessly attempted to execute a U-turn utilizing an unauthorized location.

As a result, three occupants of the mini-van involved in the crash are dead, FLHSMV said. State Troopers obtained a criminal arrest warrant for Singh for three counts of vehicular homicide.

During the course of the investigation and with assistance from ICE, State Troopers determined that Singh entered the United States illegally and crossed the Mexico border in 2018, FLHSMV said. Singh then obtained a Commercial Driver's License in the state of California. Under the federal authority delegated by ICE to Florida Highway Patrol State Troopers through the 287 (g) program, State Troopers issued an ICE detainer.

"The actions taken by the Defendant while operating a commercial tractor-trailer are both shocking and criminal", Executive Director of FLHSMV Dave Kerner said. "Three people lost their lives as a result of his recklessness, and countless friends and family members will experience the pain of their loss forever."

Kerner said Singh is in custody on state vehicular homicide charges and immigration violations. At the conclusion of his state charges, he will be deported.


5. 'Russia will not give Ukraine security guarantee' - RTHK

Ukraine leader Volodymyr Zelensky on Sunday rejected the idea of Russia offering his country security guarantees, after US and EU officials promoted the possibility.

White House envoy Steve Witkoff earlier said US President Donald Trump and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin agreed to "robust security guarantees" for Ukraine during a meeting in Alaska on Friday.

EU chief Ursula von der Leyen on Sunday hailed the proposal as an offer of NATO-style security guarantees from the United States.

"We welcome President Trump's willingness to contribute to (NATO) Article 5-like security guarantees for Ukraine, and the coalition of the willing, including the European Union, is ready to do its share," von der Leyen said.

Zelensky also welcomed the idea of US security guarantees -- but was less positive about Russia's intentions.

"What President Trump said about security guarantees is much more important to me than Putin's thoughts, because Putin will not give any security guarantees," he told a press conference in Brussels alongside von der Leyen.

"Security means a strong army, which only Ukraine can provide. I believe that only Europe can finance this army."

Von der Leyen and Zelensky also shared their thoughts on a possible meeting between Trump, Putin and the Ukrainian leader.

"So far, Russia gives no sign that the trilateral will happen and if Russia refuses, then new sanctions must follow," Zelensky said.

Von der Leyen had said she wanted to see the three-way meeting happen "as soon as possible".

Zelensky will meet Trump in Washington on Monday, accompanied by von der Leyen and other European leaders. (AFP)


6. 'Trump does not have the intellect': GOP strategist schooled after blaming Russia on Obama

Republican strategist Brad Todd and Former South Carolina House Rep. Bakari Sellers, Images via Screengrab.

Former South Carolina House Rep. Bakari Sellers and journalist Nayyera Haq on Sunday called out President Donald Trump's lack of ability to "maneuver" on the world stage, educating Republican strategist Brad Todd on the president's ignorance toward Russian President Vladimir Putin.

The CNN panel was discussing Trump's meeting with Putin in Alaska on Friday, which ended without a deal to bring an end to Russia's war in Ukraine, but included -- as CNN's Jake Tapper reports -- "Trump laying on the praise for Vladimir Putin."

"I think Vladimir Putin is a thug, I think he's a war criminal and I think he made Donald Trump look small," Sellers said Sunday. "I mean, I understand the minutia. I want to deal like every other American wants a deal, or you should be praying for that deal. However, like I've said before, many times: Donald Trump cannot perform on the world stage because he simply does not have the intellect to match up with these world leaders. He's not Barack Obama, he's not Hillary Clinton, he's not even George [W.] Bush when it comes to being able to maneuver in these environments."

READ MORE: Trump has relinquished the presidency -- and there's only one sane response

"And so what you saw was Vladimir Putin come and get what he wanted. I mean, the winner of this is Vladimir Putin," Sellers added.

"That's what happened when he took Crimea," Todd argued. "Obama gave [Putin] exactly what he wanted when he let Vladimir Putin have Crimea without so much as a shot or an objection."

Todd insisted Trump's threat of 50 percent tariffs on India 50 percent tariffs on India will blunt Russian aggression because "India gets 40 prcent of its oil from Russia."

"If you want to stop Vladimir Putin long term, and his aggression, you have to shut off his oil dollars," Todd claimed.

READ MORE: 'Kick in the teeth': Key indicator comes in 'scorching hot' just as Trump tariffs hit

Haq explained the "irony" about Todd's "oil dollars" claim, noting "that same Friday is [when] sanctions were supposed to be imposed on Putin, and that came and went."

"And nothing happened," she continued. "And then suddenly, Putin gets rewarded, but with a one-on-one meeting with Trump. And that starts the backpedaling of European phone calls educating Donald Trump on how Vladimir Putin works. And all of that ended up leading to what? A one-on-one meeting where Russia was allowed on U.S. soil on Alaska -- which many Russians still believe belongs to them or should come back to them. And now Russia's back and, literally, Trump acknowledged Russia as a superpower."

Turning to Todd, Haq continued, "I mentioned this because the Crimea example you mentioned is what kicked Russia out of the elite group of global economic powers. The G8 became the G8, and now Trump has elevated Russia back to this status of equal with all of the democratic powers and to the point now where the United States has accepted a war criminal into the country, is not doing any more sanctions and is not holding Putin accountable for the invasion. That is the key thing. All of this started because Putin decided to invade a sovereign Europe."

"In 2014, when he invaded Crimea," Todd shot back. "Would we be here right now if Obama had stopped [Putin]?"

READ MORE: 'Wild': Outrage as GOP governors facilitate controversial Trump move 'for a photo op'

"Yes, because the Russian imperial ambitions have not changed," Haq replied.

"The great irony of the Crimea example is Barack Obama made sure that Russia was simply a barren country with a nuclear weapon and maybe a gas pump, like that was it," Sellers said. "And now, because you lifted sanctions, because you're weak on this thug, because you're weak on this war criminal, And ... the president of the United States can't even call him that. I mean, we have to call a spade a spade ... and Donald Trump's afraid to do that."

Watch the video below or at this link.


7. Dominik Hasek slams Donald Trump-Vladimir Putin Alaska summit, calls out Russian President's 'red-carpet' welcome by U.S. Soldiers

Former NHL goalie Dominik Hasek criticized the Alaska summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin. Hasek is from Pardubice, Czechoslovakia, and has been vocal against the war in Ukraine. He wrote on X that American soldiers rolled out a red carpet for Putin.

"I will never forget in my life that on August 15, 2025, American soldiers rolled out the red carpet for the greatest criminal of the 21st century," Hasek wrote in his tweet. "And on that carpet, the US President applauded the criminal with a smile, shook his hand, and walked along the carpet with him."

The summit took place at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson in Alaska. It was Putin's first visit to the United States in 10 years. It was also his first trip to a Western country since Russia started the war against Ukraine in 2022.

Trump welcomed Putin warmly during the meeting. U.S. warplanes flew overhead as part of the ceremony. They both walked out of their aircraft and met on the red carpet. Trump waited for Putin midway and greeted him. They shook each other's hands and smiled before they walked ahead together and got on the stage. There, they posed for the summit photos.

Later, Trump and Putin sat together in the US president's armoured vehicle to get to the summit location from the airport.

In July, Dominik Hasek criticized U.S. President Donald Trump after Russia launched a large drone and missile strike on Kyiv. The former NHL goaltender wrote on X:

"The weakest president! @realDonaldTrump chatted with the biggest criminal of the 21st century, Putin, and he immediately sent more than 500 drones and ballistic missiles to the Ukrainian capital, Kiev. Many injured, including children. Trump is doing everything he can to help Putin in his imperialist goals and has proven more than once that he is indifferent to the Ukrainian people. Despicable."

The strike reportedly resulted in casualties, injuries and damage to the city's infrastructure. Hasek has been outspoken about Russia's invasion of Ukraine and often criticizes Trump.

Later in mid-July, Hasek criticised Trump for his comments on Barack Obama and James Comey about the Epstein files, which have been part of a big controversy. Hasek reacted to Trump's remarks and said:

"He lies whenever he opens his mouth."

Dominik Hasek's remarks pointed to his clear opposition to Trump, who is grabbing headlines quite too often during his second term at the Oval Office.


8. US may not be able to create scenario to end war in Ukraine, Marco Rubio says

The United States will continue its efforts to find a resolution to the Russia-Ukraine conflict. However, success is not guaranteed. European leaders and Volodymyr Zelenskiy will meet Donald Trump to discuss the situation. Trump and Putin have already explored potential breakthroughs, including security guarantees for Ukraine. Any peace agreement will require concessions from both Russia and Ukraine.

The United States will keep trying to create a scenario to help end Russia's war in Ukraine, but that might not be possible, U.S. Secretary of State Marco Rubio told CBS on Sunday.

"If peace is not going to be possible here and this is just going to continue on as a war, people will continue to die by the thousands ... we may unfortunately wind up there, but we don't want to wind up there," Rubio said in an interview with "Face the Nation." European leaders will accompany Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy to meet Donald Trump in Washington on Monday, seeking to bolster him as the U.S. president presses Ukraine to accept a quick peace deal after Trump's meeting with Russian leader Vladimir Putin on Friday.

"There are things that were discussed as part of this meeting that are potentials for breakthroughs, that are potential for progress," said Rubio, adding that topics for discussion would include security guarantees for Ukraine.

According to sources, Trump and Putin discussed proposals for Russia to relinquish tiny pockets of occupied Ukraine in exchange for Ukraine ceding a swathe of fortified land in the east and freezing the front lines elsewhere.

Rubio said both sides would need to make concessions if a peace deal were to be concluded.


9. US envoy says Putin agreed to protections for Ukraine as part of Trump summit

"We were able to win the following concession: That the United States could offer Article 5-like protection, which is one of the real reasons why Ukraine wants to be in Nato," he said on CNN's State Of The Union.

Mr Witkoff said it was the first time he had heard Mr Putin agree to that.

European Commission president Ursula von der Leyen, speaking at a news conference in Brussels with Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky, said that "we welcome President Trump's willingness to contribute to Article 5-like security guarantees for Ukraine, and the 'Coalition of the willing' - including the European Union - is ready to do its share".

Mr Witkoff, offering some of the first details of what was discussed at Friday's summit in Alaska, said the two sides agreed to "robust security guarantees that I would describe as game-changing".

He added that Russia said that it would make a legislative commitment not to go after any additional territory in Ukraine.

Mr Zelensky thanked the United States for recent signals that Washington is willing to support security guarantees for Ukraine, but said the details remained unclear.

"It is important that America agrees to work with Europe to provide security guarantees for Ukraine," he said.

"But there are no details how it will work, and what America's role will be, Europe's role will be and what the EU can do, and this is our main task, we need security to work in practice like Article 5 of Nato, and we consider EU accession to be part of the security guarantees."

Mr Witkoff defended Mr Trump's decision to abandon his push for Russia to agree to an immediate ceasefire, saying the president had pivoted toward a peace deal because so much progress was made.

"We covered almost all the other issues necessary for a peace deal," Mr Witkoff said, without elaborating.

"We began to see some moderation in the way they're thinking about getting to a final peace deal," he said.

US secretary of state Marco Rubio said there would be "additional consequences" as Mr Trump warned before meeting Mr Putin, if they failed to reach a ceasefire. But Mr Rubio said there was not going to be any sort of deal on a truce reached when Ukraine was not at the talks.

"Now, ultimately, if there isn't a peace agreement, if there isn't an end of this war, the president's been clear, there are going to be consequences," Mr Rubio said on ABC.

"But we're trying to avoid that. And the way we're trying to avoid those consequences is with an even better consequence, which is peace, the end of hostilities."

Mr Rubio, who is also Mr Trump's national security adviser, said he did not believe issuing new sanctions on Russia would force Mr Putin to accept a ceasefire, noting that the latter was not off the table but that "the best way to end this conflict is through a full peace deal".

"The minute you issue new sanctions, your ability to get them to the table, our ability to get them to table will be severely diminished," Mr Rubio said on NBC.

He also said "we're not at the precipice of a peace agreement" and that getting there would not be easy and would take a lot of work.

"We made progress in the sense that we identified potential areas of agreement, but there remains some big areas of disagreement. So we're still a long ways off," Mr Rubio said.


10. European Leaders, NATO Boss Will Back Up Zelensky At White House Meeting With Trump

Top European officials are preparing to stand alongside Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky during his meeting with President Trump at the White House on Monday, following concerns about how Trump's Alaska talks with Russian leader Vladimir Putin played out.

Those set to attend include European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, British Prime Minister Keir Starmer, German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, French President Emmanuel Macron, Finnish President Alexander Stubb, Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni, and NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte, all of whom confirmed travel plans to Washington, DC.

It remains uncertain whether every one of these leaders will sit in on the White House session itself or hold separate discussions with Trump during their visit.

"They're not coming here tomorrow to keep Zelensky from being bullied," Secretary of State Marco Rubio told CBS News' "Face the Nation" on Sunday. "This is such a stupid media narrative... We've been working with these people for weeks."

"We invited them to come," Rubio added.

Of particular note, Zelensky's delegation includes Stubb, Meloni, and Rutte, each of whom has cultivated a notably warm relationship with Trump.

Some of these leaders have developed such close connections with him that they've been nicknamed "the Trump whisperer."

Hanging over Monday's gathering of allies is the tense February 28 Oval Office encounter between Trump and Zelensky, which broke down into a televised shouting exchange.

European officials regard the upcoming meeting with Trump as pivotal for Ukraine's future, particularly after his face-to-face with Putin last Friday.

In advance of that summit, Trump had warned Putin to pursue peace in Ukraine or be hit with new sanctions, telling Fox News that he "won't be happy" if a ceasefire wasn't reached.

Putin did not agree to halt hostilities, but Trump afterward emphasized that there had been "progress" and pointed toward a more comprehensive peace agreement as preferable to a temporary truce.

Though much of what was discussed remains unclear, reports indicated that Putin pressed for Ukraine to surrender the remaining areas of resource-rich Donetsk, a largely Russian-speaking territory.

In return, Putin reportedly offered the possibility of freezing combat in Kherson and Zaporizhzhia, according to Axios.

Analysts expressed skepticism about those rumored terms, noting that Donetsk -- described as a "fortress belt" -- is heavily defended by Ukrainian forces. Surrendering it could allow Russia to reignite fighting later and drive deeper into Ukraine with greater ease.

During the summit, Putin also sought to flatter Trump. Trump later told Fox News' Sean Hannity that the Russian leader claimed the 2020 election had been stolen from him and that the Ukraine war would not have erupted if Trump had been in power.

Former UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson denounced the meeting, calling it "the most vomit-inducing episode in all the tawdry history of international diplomacy."

The gathering marked Putin's first visit to the United States in nearly ten years and his first face-to-face with an American president since the Ukraine conflict began.


💰 FINANCIAL SECTOR UPDATES
----------------------------------------

1. [Finlight] The Bright Side: At Vermont's 'Dog Mountain' animal lovers celebrate beloved canines

Visitors sit in the Dog Chapel at Dog Mountain in Vermont on August 7, 2025.

Anne Pace has been hearing about Dog Mountain for years, but until earlier this month, had never made a trip to the park.

“I really wanted to see this place,” she said, during a visit to the grounds with her one-year-old border collie, Tam. “I put a note up for my previous border collie. He was my best buddy.”

Set on 150 acres tucked away on a hillside in St. Johnsbury, Vermont, Dog Mountain has become a destination for dog lovers looking to explore nature, take in art, or pay tribute to a pet.

The park was created 25 years ago by Vermont folk artist Stephen Huneck and his wife, Gwen, and features hiking trails, swimming ponds, an art gallery and a Dog Chapel where visitors can add to the thousands of photos and notes to pets that cover the chapel walls.

“It is absolutely breathtaking. That’s a lot of love when you think about each picture that’s here,” said Vanessa Hurley, who was visiting with her husband and two dogs from Ohio. “Dogs and cats both, they just bring so much enjoyment to our lives,” she said.

Inspired by the bond he shared with his dogs, Huneck wanted to create a space where other animal lovers could celebrate their beloved pets, gallery manager Pam McCann said.

“Dog Mountain is really a pilgrimage place and a sanctuary,” she said.

Huneck’s sculpture, prints and furniture are featured in the gallery and scattered throughout the park, including inside the chapel he built himself. With black labs and golden retrievers carved into the ends of each pew and images of his own dog, Sally, in the stained-glass windows, his love of dogs is evident in every detail.

Scott Ritchie and his wife, Julie, have been traveling the country in an RV with their three large dogs and thought Dog Mountain would be the perfect place for them to stretch their legs. They enjoyed it so much on their first visit, they decided to come back the next day.

“It’s very rare you see something like this anywhere. We’ve been traveling all over the US for five and a half months. Just a beautiful area,” he said.

McCann says the park was made for visitors like Ritchie.

“That’s what it’s for, people who really care and people who are very connected to everything around them,” she said. “Including the animals that they are the guardians of.”

(FRANCE 24 with AP)


2. [Finlight] France to loan iconic Bayeux Tapestry to UK for first time in 900 years

A storytelling masterpiece recounting the complex history of Anglo-French relations, will soon leave French territory for the first time in 900 years. From September of next year, the Bayeux Tapestry will star at a blockbuster exhibition in London's British museum but getting it there will require careful logistics.


3. [Finlight] How can cities adapt to climate change?

Well the world has no shortage of challenges to confront when it comes to the effects of climate change - which of course is bringing about increasingly frequent episodes of extreme weather. Whether its from heatwaves and wildfires or torrential rainfalls and landslides, urban environments are particularly vulnerable to the effects of climate change, putting cities at the heart of urgent adaptation efforts. For more on this, FRANCE 24 spoke to Elena Petsani, expert on resilience, sustainability and urban planning.


4. [Finlight] Top Wall Street analysts recommend these three stocks for attractive growth potential

In this article SBUX Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT

Dado Ruvic | Reuters

A softer-than-expected July inflation report has improved investor sentiment and revived hopes for a rate cut. Traders await more economic data to gain further insights about the state of the U.S. economy. Looking beyond macro uncertainties and tariff pressures, it is always a good idea for investors to search for stocks that have strong long-term growth potential and enhance their portfolio returns. To this end, recommendations from top Wall Street analysts can help pick attractive stocks, as these experts perform an in-depth analysis of a company's financials and growth prospects. Here are three stocks favored by the Street's top pros, according to TipRanks, a platform that ranks analysts based on their past performance.

Pinterest

First on this week's list is social media platform Pinterest (PINS). The company recently reported mixed results for the second quarter of 2025. While second-quarter revenue surpassed expectations, earnings missed the Street's consensus estimate. Meanwhile, Pinterest's third-quarter revenue outlook topped analysts' estimates. In reaction to the Q2 print, BMO Capital analyst Brian Pitz increased the price forecast for Pinterest stock to $41 from $40 and reiterated a buy rating. TipRanks' AI Analyst has an "outperform" rating on PINS stock with a price target of $40. Pitz noted that Pinterest delivered upbeat revenue and adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization) in the quarter, fueled by the company's solid execution and the strength in the retail and financial services businesses. However, the analyst pointed out that Q2 performance was adversely impacted by a 25% drop in advertising pricing resulting from the company's rising market share in previously unmonetized markets around the globe. Pitz views Pinterest as a "Clear AI Winner." While users are gaining from AI-powered search functions and algorithm upgrades on PINS' platform, advertisers are using Performance+ Creative Preview to observe modifications made by PINS+ creative tools and maximize ad efficiency. "As AI continues to drive enhancements, we see it as a clear tailwind for PINS to both improve user experience and drive greater efficiency," said Pitz. The analyst added that advertisers are also benefiting from Pinterest's useful customer insights, given that Gen-Z now constitutes more than half the platform's user base. Pitz ranks No. 95 among more than 9,900 analysts tracked by TipRanks. His ratings have been profitable 72% of the time, delivering an average return of 19.2%. See Pinterest Statistics on TipRanks.

CoreWeave

We next move to the AI cloud computing company CoreWeave (CRWV), which reported market-beating revenue for the second quarter and issued better-than-anticipated top-line guidance for the third quarter. However, the AI infrastructure company reported a larger-than-expected loss for the second quarter. Following the Q2 results, Jefferies analyst Brent Thill reiterated a buy rating on CoreWeave stock with a price target of $180. The 5-star analyst highlighted the 86% year-over-year jump in CRWV's remaining performance obligations (RPO). However, Thill noted the disappointment related to the limited sequential upside in RPO compared to the high buyside expectations following the $4 billion expanded deal with OpenAI signed in May. Nonetheless, Thill remains optimistic, given that CoreWeave signed expansion deals with two hyperscalers, which he believes reflects "the unrelenting demand for high performance compute and CRWV's best in class capabilities." Thill's bullish view on the company's backlog is also supported by the ramp-up in its capacity. Notably, CoreWeave added 600 megawatts of contracted power, bringing the total capacity to 2.2 gigawatts. Overall, the analyst is confident about RPO acceleration going forward, given that AI demand continues to exceed supply. Thill ranks No. 317 among more than 9,900 analysts tracked by TipRanks. His ratings have been successful 61% of the time, delivering an average return of 12.3%. See CoreWeave Ownership Structure on TipRanks.

Starbucks


5. [Finlight] CoreWeave, Applied Materials And Hims & Hers Are Among Top 10 Large Cap Losers Last Week (August 11-August 15): Are The Others In Your Portfolio?

These ten large-cap stocks were the worst performers last week. Are they a part of your portfolio?

CoreWeave, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWV) stock slumped 25.84% this week. The stock may be seeing weakness after the post-IPO lock-up period expired. Also, the company reported mixed second-quarter financial results.
Coherent Corp. (NYSE:COHR) stock decreased 18.92% this week after the company announced it will sell its Aerospace and Defense Business for $400 million. Also, Coherent posted quarterly earnings of $1 per share, beating estimates of 91 cents. Bank of America Securities analyst Vivek Arya downgraded the stock from Buy to Neutral.
Maplebear Inc. (NASDAQ:CART) shares fell 14.22% this week after Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) announced a grocery expansion, including for its same-day delivery.
Ubiquiti Inc. (NYSE:UI) stock slumped 14.65% this week.
Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) stock fell 13.44% this week after the company issued weak fourth-quarter guidance. Additionally, Bank Of America Securities downgraded the stock from Buy to Neutral, and several firms cut their respective price targets.
Duolingo, Inc. (NASDAQ:DUOL) stock fell 11.98% this week.
Hims & Hers Health, Inc. (NYSE:HIMS) shares decreased 10.60% this week amid reports that the FTC is probing complaints about the company’s ads and cancellation practices.
Axon Enterprise, Inc. (NASDAQ:AXON) stock fell 9.37% this week.
NuScale Power (NYSE:SMR) stock slumped 11.30% this week. The firm filed for the offering of $500 million of Class A common stock.
Amcor plc (NYSE:AMCR) stock fell 10.32% this week after the company reported a fourth-quarter adjusted EPS miss. Baird analyst Ghansham Panjabi maintains Amcor with a Neutral and lowers the price target from $11 to $10.



Congresswoman Files Hundreds Of Stock Trades Late, Including Palantir Stock Up Over 600%


6. [Finlight] Israel intercepts rocket from Yemen as sirens sound in Tel Aviv

The Israeli military intercepted a missile fired at Israel from Yemen on Sunday, the Israel Defense Forces reported on its Telegram channel.

Rocket alarms were triggered in several regions, including Tel Aviv, marking the first alerts in nearly three weeks in the coastal city, where a muffled explosion was heard in the city centre.

The interception followed an earlier attack by the Israeli navy on targets in Yemen.

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

The missile launch occurred during a day of widespread protests in Israel, where demonstrators called for an end to the Gaza war and the release of hostages held by the Palestinian Islamist group Hamas.

Since the start of the Gaza war in October 2023, members of the Houthi militia in Yemen have regularly attacked Israel with missiles and drones as an expression of solidarity with Hamas in Gaza Strip.

In response, the Israeli Air Force has frequently carried out airstrikes on Houthi targets in Yemen. Both the Houthis and Hamas are allies of Iran.


7. [Finlight] German wildfire specialist units deployed to Spain

Specially trained firefighting units from Bonn, Dusseldorf and three other cities set off from Bonn at midday on Sunday to help Spain combat its severe wildfires, according to the Bonn Fire Department.

They are part of a joint unit specializing in wildfire suppression and are being accompanied to the affected areas by firefighters from Lower Saxony.

Spain requested the assistance from the EU Civil Protection Mechanism in the early hours of the morning, the Bonn Fire Department said in a press release. A total of 67 personnel, with 21 vehicles and three trailers, have been deployed and are expected to arrive on Tuesday evening.

Advertisement Advertisement

Advertisement Advertisement

The mechanism provides for so-called wildfire modules for large-scale fires, which can be requested quickly within the European Union, the Bonn Fire Department said in a press release. A module consists of several off-road firefighting vehicles, a command unit and a logistics unit.

It remains unclear where and how exactly the firefighters will provide support, the Bonn Fire Department spokesman said on Sunday. However, the deployment is likely to take place in the north-west of Spain. The mission is currently planned to last until August 30.

Over the past two weeks, fires in Spain have already destroyed approximately 1,150 square kilometres, according to official figures.


8. [Finlight] Grassroots push for freedom grows in Gaza as Hamas tightens its deadly grip

NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

FIRST ON FOX: As Israel prepares to expand its operations in the enclave, a quiet resistance is emerging against Hamas. In eastern Rafah, teachers are laying the foundation for the first schools focused on peace and tolerance under a non-Hamas civil administration.

Samira Mousa Mohammed Abu Mousa, one of the educators, told the Center for Peace Communications in an interview, "I despise Hamas because they were discriminatory, they were extremely biased, even when posting jobs. You had to have connections to get work."

Her classroom has become a space where children are learning. During a recent lesson, she asked her students, "Is it OK to violate a girl’s rights and lock her in her room?" The response was immediate: "No way!" the kids replied. "Everyone has the right for freedom." She emphasized the broader mission of education beyond academics.

WHO IS THE GAZAN CHALLENGING HAMAS RULE, AND DOES HE HAVE A CHANCE?

"People like me yearn for peace, comfort, hope and safety. We want to live in an environment free of war, shelling and destruction. We have been living through war for two years. We will begin again and restore education, God willing."

The efforts in eastern Rafah mirror the broader shift across Gaza. Citizens, educators and activists are increasingly rejecting Hamas, calling for a government that serves civilians, not the terror organization.

"They’ve been tracking me for months," Moumen al-Natour, a lawyer and co-founder of the We Want to Live movement, told Fox News Digital. He has been forced to live like a fugitive due to Hamas' growing crackdown on dissent..

"I’m moving from place to place, hiding because I don’t want to be killed or even paralyzed. This is how Hamas operates."

Al-Natour, who is also the president of Palestinian Youth for Development, says the number of people opposing Hamas has dramatically increased since Oct. 7. "There used to be some opposition to Hamas," he says, "but after the attack and the consequences that followed, more and more people in Gaza despise them. The suffering caused by Hamas’ actions has turned the tide.

"It’s a catastrophic situation… almost the entire population has been displaced."

EXCLUSIVE: WHISTLEBLOWER ALLEGES MISCONDUCT BY UNITED NATIONS IN GAZA

Al-Natour says Hamas is using extreme measures to silence any opposition. "Hamas recently released a video showing members of the Al-Qassam Brigades executing people. They publicly threatened anyone who speaks out against them, saying they would treat them as enemies."

Mkhaimer Abusada, a Gazan political analyst speaking from Cairo, told Fox News Digital, "It’s very anti-Hamas in general, whether it’s in Gaza or among Palestinians here in Cairo. The Palestinian people have endured unimaginable hardship over the past 22 months – killing, destruction, starvation – with many now placing the blame squarely on Hamas. At the end of the day, they blame it on Hamas for the Oct. 7 attack."

He said the Israeli government's stance, which offers Hamas no alternative or negotiation options, has worsened the situation. "The worst is yet to come," Abusada warns. "The Israeli cabinet’s plan to take over Gaza City and the entire Gaza Strip will only make the situation more catastrophic."

NETANYAHU VOWS TO TAKE FULL CONTROL OF GAZA STRIP, ‘LIBERATE’ PEOPLE FROM HAMAS

Palestinians, according to Abusada, are calling for Hamas to accept a ceasefire and include other parties in the negotiations. "Negotiating solely with Hamas doesn’t help… Hamas people don't care about death. They think if they die, they go to paradise. That is why it’s very rare when Hamas fighters surrender. Most of them fight until the end, wanting to become shaheed (martyrs). They are ready to die."

"The voices I hear from Gaza are calling on Hamas to bring in the PA (Palestinian Authority) or Egypt to be part of the ceasefire talks. People just want an end to this madness," he said.

Another Gazan, who requested anonymity, echoed these sentiments. "It’s true a lot of people are against Hamas now. People speak freely about it. They're not afraid anymore. They don’t fear Hamas anymore. They are just killers, stupid people."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"The people of Gaza don’t want to fight Israel," the Gazan man added, "But at the same time, many Gazans do blame Israel for not differentiating between civilians and Hamas. Why are we being kept in the same area as Hamas? Israel should have thought about safe zones from the beginning. Now, more people are realizing the importance of this idea. We need many safe zones where people can go, far from Hamas, and where aid can reach them."

"For the first time, people are speaking out, even at great personal risk… they want change. They want an end to the violence, and they are ready to make their voices heard," al-Natour said.


9. [Finlight] White House envoy claims Russia agreed to 'Article 5-like' security guarantees for Ukraine

U.S. Special Envoy Steve Witkoff speaks during a swearing-in ceremony for Jeanine Pirro as interim U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia, hosted by U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., May 28, 2025.

Special Envoy Steve Witkoff said Sunday that Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed to allow the United States and European nations to give Ukraine "Article 5-like protection" as a security guarantee to bring an end to the war.

"We were able to win the following concession: That the United States could offer Article Five-like protection, which is one of the real reasons why Ukraine wants to be in NATO," Witkoff said Sunday on CNN.

It was "the first time we had ever heard the Russians agree to that," he continued.

NATO's Article 5 says that "if a NATO Ally is the victim of an armed attack, each and every other member of the Alliance will consider this act of violence as an armed attack against all members and will take the actions it deems necessary to assist the Ally attacked."

European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said Sunday that she welcomed the security guarantees for Ukraine, and that the "European Union ... is ready to do its share," according to the Associated Press.

Witkoff's remarks come just days after President Donald Trump met in Alaska with Putin amid his country's ongoing war with Ukraine. Trump and his administration hailed the talks as "productive," but details of the meeting have so far been scant.

Trump, in the lead-up to his meeting with Putin, repeatedly stressed the need for an urgent, long-lasting ceasefire in the war.


10. [Finlight] Steel safeguard duty: DGTR backs 3-year levy on flat steel imports, industry groups divided

The commerce ministry’s investigation arm has recommended a three-year safeguard duty on imports of certain flat steel products, citing a sudden surge in shipments that threatened serious injury to domestic producers, PTI reported.In its final findings, the Directorate General of Trade Remedies (DGTR) said it observed "a recent, sudden, sharp and significant increase in imports of the product under consideration" and proposed a phased duty — 12 per cent in the first year, 11.5 per cent in the second, and 11 per cent in the third. The move follows a provisional 12 per cent safeguard duty imposed in April for 200 days.The recommendation came after a complaint by the Indian Steel Association, whose members include ArcelorMittal Nippon Steel India, JSW Steel, Jindal Steel and Power and Steel Authority of India. The association argued that the surge in non-alloy and alloy flat steel imports was causing and threatening to cause serious injury to Indian manufacturers.DGTR said it had considered the "current serious injury" to domestic producers along with the "imminent threat of injury" from continued imports before recommending the final safeguard duty, according to PTI.However, trade policy think tank GTRI criticised the move, noting that DGTR had rejected objections from more than 250 stakeholders, including major automakers and electronics firms."Imposition of final safeguard duty would raise input costs, hurt export competitiveness, and squeeze downstream users," GTRI founder Ajay Srivastava said.The think tank said the probe, launched in December 2024, covered hot-rolled, cold-rolled, metallic and colour-coated steel. It noted that Chinese exports of these products rose 25 per cent in 2024 to 110.7 million tonnes, much of which was redirected to India.GTRI argued that the increase in imports was predictable rather than sudden, that domestic industry injury was overstated, and that duties would damage key user industries including autos, engineering and construction.


💻 TECHNOLOGY HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

1. Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems - SiliconANGLE

Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems

Two of the largest enterprise infrastructure vendors announced product line expansions designed to give customers more options for deploying artificial intelligence workloads at scale. New offerings from Dell Technologies Inc. and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. include systems and software updates that incorporate Nvidia Corp.'s latest graphics processing unit technology and AI software, alongside tools from other partners, to help organizations move from AI experimentation to production.

Dell said it's updating its AI Data Platform with new components aimed at improving unstructured data ingestion, transformation, retrieval and compute performance. The platform is designed to handle the full AI workload lifecycle, from data ingestion to agentic inference to knowledge retrieval.

A new unstructured data engine developed in collaboration with Elasticsearch BV provides real-time, secure access to large-scale unstructured datasets, supporting advanced vector search, semantic retrieval and hybrid keyword search. The engine integrates GPU acceleration and Nvidia NeMo Retriever microservices for use in retrieval-augmented generation applications.

The Dell AI Data Platform also integrates a federated SQL engine from Starburst Data Inc. for querying multiple data sources without moving the data, and an Apache Spark-based data processing engine for batch and real-time analytics. They sit alongside Dell's PowerScale and ObjectScale storage systems, which support structured, semi-structured and unstructured data.

On the hardware side, Dell introduced PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers equipped with Nvidia RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell Server Edition GPUs, which are data center-class graphics and compute processors built on Nvidia's Blackwell architecture and designed for AI inference, visual computing, engineering simulation and virtual workstation workloads. Dell said the new GPUs can deliver up to six times the token throughput for large language model inference compared to its previous generation, along with higher engineering simulation performance and support for more concurrent users.

The R7725 will be the first 2U server to integrate the Nvidia AI Data Platform reference design, a validated blueprint for building GPU-accelerated infrastructure. Dell said the pairing yields a turnkey system for fast inferencing, semantic search and large AI workloads.

HPE said it's expanding its line of AI-optimized systems with new configurations that also use Nvidia's Blackwell architecture GPUs, as well as the latest Nvidia AI models. The company said these updates are intended to support both agentic AI -- or systems that complete tasks autonomously or with little supervision tasks - and physical AI, which involves AI control of robotics and other hardware systems.

HPE is also adding new options to its Cray XD670 and XD675 servers that allow them to be configured with Nvidia GB200 NVL72 systems for large-scale AI training, or with RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell GPUs for inference and smaller-scale workloads. HPE said both are pre-integrated with Nvidia's AI Enterprise software suite, including the NeMo framework and pretrained models such as Nvidia Nemotron for agentic AI and Cosmos for physical AI applications.

The company is also updating its GreenLake for AI offering to support the new systems. GreenLake is a consumption-based model for deploying AI infrastructure, allowing organizations to scale GPU resources as needed while keeping workloads on-premises or in colocation facilities. HPE said its Private Cloud AI will support the latest versions of the Nemotron and Cosmos models, as well as the latest Nvidia Blueprint for Video Search and Summarization.

Both companies' announcements center on integrating Nvidia's Blackwell-generation GPUs and related AI software into systems aimed at enterprises. Dell's focus is on connecting AI models to high-quality enterprise data, especially unstructured data, while HPE is emphasizing large-scale training and deployment of both agentic and physical AI models.

The announcements are part of a broader trend by infrastructure vendors to provide turnkey AI infrastructure that combines hardware, storage, networking and AI frameworks in pre-tested configurations.

Dell said its updated AI Data Platform with the unstructured data engine will be available later this year, alongside the PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers with RTX PRO 6000 GPUs. HPE said its updated Cray XD systems and GreenLake AI configurations will also be available in the coming months.


2. China's Tech Boom Attracts Foreign Investment Surge

The rhythmic hum of robotic arms in Suzhou factories and the digital pulse of Shanghai's AI labs tell an economic success story decades in the making. China has surpassed its ambitious five-year foreign direct investment (FDI) target of $700 billion ahead of schedule, with utilized FDI hitting $708.73 billion by mid-2024 -- a powerful rebuttal to narratives of foreign capital flight. This milestone, achieved amid global protectionist headwinds, underscores China's transformation into a high-tech investment magnet where innovation outpaces politics.

Despite geopolitical turbulence and supply chain realignments, China's patient cultivation of foreign enterprise is yielding historic dividends. Ministry of Commerce data reveals foreign firms now drive one-third of China's foreign trade, contribute 25% of industrial value-added output, and account for 1 in 7 tax dollars. Critically, they've generated over 30 million jobs since 2019 -- equivalent to the population of Malaysia. The 14th Five-Year Plan's $700 billion FDI target, once viewed as ambitious, was eclipsed six months early. In H1 2024 alone, 30,014 new foreign-invested firms registered across China -- an 11.7% YoY surge. While overall utilized FDI dipped 15.2% to $58.9 billion due to 2023's record-high baseline, the structural shift toward high-value sectors signals enduring confidence. As Franz Decker, BMW Brilliance Automotive CEO, asserted during the opening of their Nanjing R&D hub: "China demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation."

China's innovation pivot is rewriting FDI playbooks. Foreign capital flowing into high-tech industries leaped from 28.3% of total FDI in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023 -- a trajectory accelerating in 2024. E-commerce services saw explosive 130% YoY FDI growth in H1, while AI, biotech, and advanced manufacturing drew multinationals seeking China's "new quality productive forces." The Third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in June became a showcase for this transformation, featuring BMW's new Nanjing facility -- its largest Asian IT R&D center -- designed to leverage China's "rapidly evolving tech landscape." Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang, attending CISCE, observed: "China's supply chain is a miracle -- the world's largest and most complex, built on deep technology, AI and software. Technology adoption here is so fast, it sets global trends." This tech-led FDI boom reflects China's 9% average FDI return rate -- among the world's highest -- and validates Beijing's 2024 Action Plan stabilizing foreign investment through streamlined approvals and market access.

The H1 2024 FDI dip requires contextual understanding. OECD data shows global FDI fell 7% in 2023, with developing Asia experiencing steeper declines. China's contraction aligns with this trend while masking sectoral dynamism. Crucially, reinvested earnings by existing foreign enterprises -- a key FDI metric -- remain robust as firms like BASF and Tesla expand Chinese facilities. The State Council's 24-point guidelines for foreign investors, emphasizing intellectual property protection and equal procurement access, further anchor confidence. As the Ministry of Commerce emphasized in its June policy briefing: "Quality supersedes quantity -- we welcome capital aligned with high-end manufacturing and digital transformation."

China's $708 billion FDI milestone proves its economic resilience isn't cyclical but structural -- built on world-class infrastructure, deep talent pools, and unwavering commitment to innovation-led growth. For global investors, the calculus remains clear: overlooking China's high-tech transformation means missing the defining economic opportunity of our decade. Explore partnership opportunities through China's International Investment Promotion Agency to position your enterprise at the convergence of technology and growth.

China's 14th Five-Year Plan targeted $700 billion in cumulative foreign direct investment between 2021-2025. Ministry of Commerce data confirms this goal was surpassed six months early, reaching $708.73 billion by June 2024.

High-tech industries now dominate China FDI flows, rising from 28.3% of total investment in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023. E-commerce, AI, and advanced manufacturing led growth, with e-commerce FDI surging nearly 130% YoY in H1 2024.

BMW CEO Franz Decker cited China's "remarkable vitality in digital innovation ecosystems" when launching their Nanjing R&D center. Proximity to tech talent, rapid commercialization, and supportive industrial policies make China indispensable for global innovation.

Officials attribute H1 2024's 15.2% FDI dip to 2023's unusually high baseline and global trends. The 2024 "Stabilizing Foreign Investment" Action Plan counters concerns through market access easing and IP protections.

At approximately 9%, China's FDI return rate outperforms most major economies, according to World Bank investment viability analyses. This sustains appeal despite geopolitical uncertainties.

Data contradicts this narrative. Beyond record cumulative FDI, 30,014 new foreign firms registered in H1 2024 -- an 11.7% YoY increase -- with expansions by firms like Nvidia and BASF confirming long-term commitment.


3. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


4. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


5. Economic Watch: China's AI Tech Boosts Global Trade Efficiency, Facilitates Supply Chain

Beijing: To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q and A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing. "Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

According to Namibia Press Agency, during discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade. Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model. "The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes. At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms. The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images, and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for the overseas market. Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba. As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in the global trade landscape. At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent, and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world." China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi, and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce. Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


6. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

A visitor tries a pair of glasses at the booth of TCL in the Digital Technology Chain area of the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China, July 19, 2025. [Photo/Xinhua]

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30% The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95%, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

Open Source

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40% compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10% of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9% year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


7. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

This photo taken on July 17, 2025 shows robots at the booth of Nvidia during the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China. (Xinhua/Ding Hongfa)

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


8. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


9. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


10. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


🎯 MARKET SYNTHESIS
----------------------------------------
Total stories analyzed: 89
Overall news sentiment: Positive (0.13)

Data Sources:
  • Financial Modeling Prep (FMP) - Market data & calendar
  • NewsAPI.ai - World, USA, and tech news
  • Finlight - Financial market news

================================================================================
END OF BRIEFING