PREMIUM MORNING MARKET BRIEFING
Generated: August 17, 2025 at 07:36 AM ET
================================================================================

📅 ECONOMIC CALENDAR
----------------------------------------
No major economic events scheduled for today.

📊 PREMARKET OVERVIEW
----------------------------------------
Index Futures: Markets closed - Weekend

Cryptocurrency (24hr):
  • BTC: $118,382.18 (+0.79%)
  • ETH: $4,556.41 (+2.97%)
  • BNB: $860.51 (+2.53%)

🌍 WORLD NEWS DIGEST
----------------------------------------

1. Goodman: About that time Nick Saban (and me) made Jim Harbaugh squirm in his pants

Michigan would do it all again, those cheating dogs.

The NCAA finally slapped the Wolverines with some meaningless penalties for the Connor Stalions sign-stealing scandal. No one cares. The fines leveled against Michigan last week matter little and less, and the same goes for all those show-cause penalties.

Was it worth $20 million to hand Nick Saban a bitter loss in his final game? For Michigan boosters, it's not even a question.

Jim Harbaugh's Wolverines might be tainted nationally, but they'll be toasted forever in Ann Arbor.

Oh, and the College Football Playoff and ESPN made their money.

So who actually lost?

Saban's Alabama, most of all, and then Kalen DeBoer's Washington Huskies.

The Crimson Tide matched up with Michigan in the semifinals of the 2023 playoffs, and we all know what happened there. Alabama couldn't stop Michigan's running game and the Tide's offense faltered at the goal line in overtime.

Saban's final game was a heartbreaker.

Michigan then destroyed Washington in the championship game, Saban retired and DeBoer left Washington for Tuscaloosa.

And now here we are, on the eve of the 2025 college football season, and the NCAA is back to feeling tough again.

Michigan is appealing all those fines and recruiting penalties. Maybe they stick. Maybe they keep Michigan out of the postseason for the next few years. Nothing can change history, though.

Harbaugh and Michigan would do it all again.

They should never have been allowed to play in the 2023 College Football Playoff, but that's all ancient history now.

The flaccid NCAA tried to flex its muscles on Friday, but the enforcement arm of the governing body of collegiate athletics will go down in history as a joke. Why? Because no one is interested in following the rules. Not the fans. Not the coaches. Not the university presidents. Not the conferences. Not even the people who make the rules.

If anyone cared about cheating, then Michigan wouldn't have been playing in the 2023 postseason.

Know this, always. College football is a lawless utopia of cash, chaos and American culture, and that's why we love it. The sport will never be clean, and it will never be fair, and that's why no one in Michigan will ever feel one ounce of shame about stealing all those victories and the 2023 national championship.

Especially Harbaugh, who went so rogue during his time with the Wolverines that he can't coach college football until 2038. He's 61 years old, so that essentially means never again.

But what does Harbaugh care about his death penalty? Absolutely nothing. He was rewarded for laughing in the NCAA's face. The Los Angeles Chargers offered Harbaugh a job before he even raised the 2023 national championship trophy.

Harbaugh never met with the NCAA's investigators, but at least someone made him squirm in his khakis back in 2023.

It was me and Nick Saban, and I have the video to prove it.

Someone had to make Harbaugh uncomfortable. I got my shot on the day before the 2023 Rose Bowl, and didn't miss.

Here's how I made Jim Harbaugh squirm in his pants on national TV.

The final press gathering before the semifinals of the College Football Playoff is a dual news conference with the head coaches of both teams. It's all for the TV cameras so ESPN can have some fresh content the day before the big games.

More often than not, it's a complete waste of 30 minutes for print reporters. Not this time, though.

Harbaugh and Saban were seated together on the dais, and the microphone was passed my way for the final question before the game.

Harbaugh would have blown off any inquiry about his sign-stealing scandal, so I instead posed a question to Saban.

"Nick ... are you concerned with the sign-steal stuff at Michigan, and what has Alabama done to prevent some of that?"

"No, I don't think we're concerned about that," Saban said. "Integrity in the game, I think, is really, really important, and our team has had every opportunity to prep for this game just like the other team. ... Hopefully one day we'll get to the NFL system where you can talk to a guy in his helmet. I think that would be a lot better, but for now we just have to adapt to how we communicate with the quarterback, and change it up, and not put our players at a disadvantage."

Harbaugh could have responded to being called a cheater in front of the world, but he of course said nothing and shuffled away from the news conference as fast as possible.

Never forget, though. Harbaugh should have never been there. That's on the College Football Playoff, which ignored the NCAA's open investigation by allowing Michigan to compete in the Rose Bowl.

Cheaters will always win in college football because there's nothing this sport loves more than a sideline scoundrel in dirty khakis.

BE HEARD

Got a question for Joe? Want to get something off your chest? Send Joe an email about what's on your mind. Let your voice be heard. Ask him anything.


2. Topshop and Topman comeback hits the headlines with webstore return and landmark runway show

Topshop and Topman have been making headlines for months as the team behind them teased their comeback plan. And at the weekend it all fell into place and was just about the best feelgood news story out there.

On Friday, the long awaited standalone website went live, then on Saturday, the two brands took over London's best known landmark - Trafalgar Square - to stage a runway show with Cara Delevingne, Adwoa Aboah, Tolu Coker, and Mayor of London Sadiq Khan in attendance.

Open to the public, the show featured new, unsigned talent discovered through an open casting call launched earlier this summer in collaboration with Wilhelmina Models London. And there was a live DJ set from Norman Jay and Melvo Baptiste.

But the big focus was what was actually in the AW25 See Now, Buy Now collections (as well as a preview of styles set to drop later in the season).

For Topshop, the retailer delivered sharp tailoring, outerwear, dresses and denim with key looks including a patchwork shearling coat, strong-shouldered 1980s tailoring, drop-waist jackets, signature patterned knitwear and fluid, voluminous skirts. The palette mixed dark charcoal and deep navy with bold hints of dark red and rich chocolate. Denim was reworked into "clean modern silhouettes" and new washes, while also spotlighting the brand's popular Jamie and Joni jeans.

Topman was all about "modern utility", blending "refined" formalwear with "sharp new silhouettes and impeccably cut pieces that embodied the brand's commitment to elevated quality and contemporary design". Think check wool coats paired with handknits and pleated, wide-leg tailored trousers, utility trousers, unique prints and embroidered jersey pieces, all grounded in denim in deep indigos, grey, and black.

Topshop/Topman MD Michelle Wilson said the show was "a love letter to London - its energy, creativity, and global influence. The return of Topshop.com is more than a relaunch; it's a reinvention. And this is just the beginning".

As for the new webstore, offers next day and standard delivery options, as well as a super-quick option.

The runway show is on there, and the product focus in clearly on trend-led pieces, including Delevingne's new 'Cara Edit'. It looks strong enough to appeal to any Gen Z or Millennial with an eye on trends, as well the Gen X and even Boomers who loved it in its heyday.

But the big question remains whether the brand(s) will ever open physical stores. We know that it will return physically via wholesale and that Wilson has rejected the idea of it returning in exactly the same form of that heyday with a big chain of physical shops. Its former flagship is now occupied by Ikea, after all. But if the comeback is a big success, who knows?


3. Springbok star issues apology as Rassie Erasmus turns air blue after stunning collapse  | Wales Online

South Africa captain Siya Kolisi has issued a heartfelt apology to supporters after his side's "unacceptable" defeat to Australia in the opening match of The Rugby Championship.

The Springboks raced into a commanding 22-0 lead inside the opening quarter at Ellis Park on Saturday, but completely collapsed as the Wallabies mounted a remarkable comeback to claim a historic 38-22 win and leave the hosts stunned. Not only was it a first win for Joe Schmidt's side at Ellis Park since 1963, it was also their first win anywhere in South Africa for 14 years. Sign up to Inside Welsh rugby on Substack to get exclusive news stories and insight from behind the scenes in Welsh rugby.

The shock defeat left head coach Rassie Erasmus furious, as he confessed to reporters after the match that he was "embarrassed" having watched his side be "tactically out-smarted" and "physically dominated" by Schmidt's men.

Skipper Kolisi has also addressed his side's "unacceptable" performance in the wake of the shock result, telling SuperSport that he and his team-mates only have themselves to blame.

"We let ourselves down today," said the 34-year-old back rower. "The things we worked on - discipline, the breakdown - they definitely won the breakdown battles. We didn't put them under enough pressure.

"We let ourselves down a lot and we have to take that on the chin. It's unacceptable the way we performed. You can't start like that, then take your foot off the pedal. That's just unacceptable from us.

"It was the errors, but also the breakdown," he added. "We'd fight, get into the 22, and then they'd steal the ball. It's something we knew they would do, because they've been good at it. We just didn't look after the ball well enough."

Kolisi, who was making his first Test start at No.8, went on to praise the Wallabies for their performance before apologising to the home fans for what they had just witnessed.

"They played really well," he continued. "Credit to the Australian team - they kept on fighting, they never gave up even though we started well and went ahead. So well done to them. But from us, you can see from the boys we're not proud of the performance we put out today.

"We're not going to drop our heads. We'll go again next week and fight. Whoever gets the opportunity to play, we're going to take it. There's not much else we can do now but fight.

"Thank you to everybody who supported us. Sorry about the performance, but we'll come again next week."

The Springbok legend's words came as his head coach Erasmus was turning the air blue in his post-match press conference with an even more frank assessment of his side's performance, which he described as "dog s***".

"I must be honest, it is probably one of the most embarrassing press conferences I've done in a while," he said. "Not because we were awful, they were really good and I want to put the old cliché out there, credit to them, they were good - but we made them better with our poor performance.

"To be 22-0 up, we did the same against Italy, 27-3 up and then we let teams back in. Yes, we gave them one or two soft tries but overall they were just better than us on the day in most departments and yeah, we as coaches got it terribly wrong, and we have to look first at ourselves before we point fingers at the players."

Erasmus added: "We know that from now to next Saturday we have to take a lot of flak and we're very disappointed, we feel bad for our supporters and are feeling bad for our players overall for what we produced.

"I don't think they tactically out-smarted us, I think they also physically dominated us. The saddest thing is we didn't even fight back to take a bonus point away. Listen man, I can butter this up to sound cool and respectful, but we were really dog s*** on the day."


4. WATCH: Hundreds of Oasis fans sing Don't Look Back in Anger outside Croke Park

Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info

Hundreds of Oasis fans who were unable to secure the highly coveted tickets to the band's two Croke Park reunion shows gathered outside the stadium in a mass sing-along on Saturday night.

Several videos have been uploaded to social media documenting the crowds in Dublin 3, standing within earshot of the rapturous atmosphere within the venue.

One such clip, posted by Robbie Kane of Dublin Live on X, formerly known as Twitter, shows a crowd bursting into the chorus of Don't Look Back in Anger, a song which writer Noel Gallagher has admitted has transcended the band itself.

"It's a song that's still growing," Oasis' elder Gallagher brother said during an interview with Virgin Radio, adding: "it's insane."

In another interview with the BBC, Noel spoke about how the song had become a rally cry for the victims of the Manchester Arena bombing, which killed 22 people during an Ariana Grande concert in 2017.

In the subsequent vigils held after the attack, hundreds began to sing Don't Look Back in Anger as an ode to the victims and the city of Manchester, where Liam and Noel were born.

"I was watching it happen on the news," Noel admitted. "I was speechless. It's such a tragic event, it really brought it home to me that, in times like that...it took a song to bring people together.

"I can't even think of the words to express what it is; it's just the power of music. It's a thing that brings people together."

In the near-minute-long video Robbie uploaded, dozens can be seen smiling and looking around as even more sing along to Noel from outside the ground.

Oasis will perform the second of their two Croke Park gigs on Sunday (August 17) before moving on to the North American leg of their world tour.

So far, they have played to around 1.5million fans across Cardiff, Manchester, London, Edinburgh and now Dublin, with shows in Toronto, Chicago, East Rutherford, Pasadena and Mexico City lined up.

After this stretch of the historic reunion, the brothers will return to London's Wembley Stadium for two more concerts before setting off once more for South Korea.

Subscribe to our newsletter for the latest news from the Irish Mirror direct to your inbox: Sign up here.


5. European leaders to join Ukraine's Zelenskyy in White House meeting with Trump | News.az

European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said Sunday that European and NATO leaders will join Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskyy for his key meeting with President Trump at the White House on Monday, News.Az informs via CBS News.

The move in relation to the key White House meeting is an apparent effort to prevent a repeat of the heated encounter Zelenskyy faced when he met Mr. Trump in the Oval Office in February.

The European leaders' presence at Zelenskyy's side, demonstrating Europe's support for Ukraine, could potentially help ease concerns in Kyiv and in other European capitals that Zelenskyy risks being railroaded into a peace deal that Mr. Trump says he wants to broker with Russia.

Von der Leyen, head of the European Union's executive branch, posted on X that "at the request of President Zelenskyy, I will join the meeting with President Trump and other European leaders in the White House tomorrow."

In a quick succession Sunday, a stream of European leaders also announced that they'll be going. They included French President Emmanuel Macron, the chancellor of Germany, Friedrich Merz, and the secretary general of the NATO military alliance, Mark Rutte.


6. School Assembly News Headlines (August 18): Top National, World, Sports News

Read this article for the top headlines fom India and world, that are perfect for your school assembly news headlines.India witnessed major developments today, from astronaut Shubhanshu Shukla's return to Delhi and Vikram Misri's Nepal visit, to rescue operations in J&K after a deadly cloudburst. Globally, the Trump-Putin summit fallout, Pakistan floods, and strikes in Canada dominated headlines. In sports, stories ranged from Irfan Pathan's revelations and Jasprit Bumrah's Asia Cup availability to the passing of Bob Simpson and Sunil Chhetri's surprise exclusion.


7. European leaders to join Zelensky when he meets Trump at the White House

Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president, German chancellor Friedrich Merz and Finnish president Alexander Stubb were the first leaders to confirm they will join Mr Zelensky in Washington DC.

French president Emmanuel Macron, Italian PM Giorgia Meloni, and Nato chief Mark Rutte have also confirmed their attendance.

Downing Street would not comment on whether Sir Keir Starmer plans to travel to Washington to join other European leaders on Monday.

Mr Zelensky's Oval Office rendezvous with the US president will take place after Western allies meet for a coalition of the willing video call on Sunday afternoon.

The call will be hosted by Prime Minister Sir Keir, France's Mr Macron and Germany's Mr Merz.

The show of unity by European leaders comes as Mr Trump appears poised to urge the Ukrainian leader to agree to a Russian land grab of his country's territory, according to reports.

Several news outlets have reported Russian president Vladimir Putin has demanded full control of Donetsk and Luhansk - two occupied Ukrainian regions - as a condition for ending the war.

In exchange, he would give up other Ukrainian territories held by Russian troops, multiple reports said, attributing sources familiar with Mr Putin and Mr Trump's negotiations in Alaska on Friday.

Mr Trump is said to be inclined to support the plan, and will speak to Mr Zelensky about it when they meet in the Oval Office.

The European leaders may also fear a repeat of Mr Zelensky's last visit to the White House at the end of February.

The tumultuous spat resulted in a souring of relations between the US and Ukraine, including a temporary cut off of American aid for the war effort.

Mr Trump appeared to change his position on how to end the war in Ukraine following his meeting with the Russian president on Friday.

Following the Alaska summit, the American leader suggested he wants to move straight to a full peace deal, rather than negotiating a ceasefire first.

The shift appears to echo the Russians' refusal to agree to ceasefire before engaging in peace talks.

Writing on social media on Sunday morning, the Ukrainian leader railed against Russia's refusal to lay down arms temporarily before agreeing to end the war.

Mr Zelensky said: "We see that Russia rebuffs numerous calls for a ceasefire and has not yet determined when it will stop the killing.

"This complicates the situation."

He added: "If they lack the will to carry out a simple order to stop the strikes, it may take a lot of effort to get Russia to have the will to implement far greater - peaceful coexistence with its neighbours for decades.

"But together we are working for peace and security. Stopping the killing is a key element of stopping the war."

Mr Zelensky is expected to attend Sunday afternoon's video call with leaders from the coalition of the willing, which is scheduled to take place at 2pm UK time.


8. Melania Trump put Hunter Biden on $1 billion notice with one ultimatum that exposed his panic - Renewed Right

The Biden crime family thought they could keep spreading lies about the Trump family.

But they just found out there are serious consequences for their actions.

And Melania Trump put Hunter Biden on $1 billion notice with one ultimatum that exposed his panic.

Hunter Biden has spent years trading on his father's name while avoiding accountability for his criminal behavior.

The troubled son of the former President thought Joe Biden's blanket pardon would protect him from all future consequences.

But Hunter just learned that Presidential pardons don't cover civil lawsuits for defamation.

In early August, Hunter Biden appeared on Channel 5's YouTube show with Andrew Callaghan and made explosive false claims about First Lady Melania Trump.

"Epstein introduced Melania to Trump," Hunter claimed without any evidence. "The connections are, like, so wide and deep."

Hunter doubled down on the lie, stating that "Jeffrey Epstein introduced Melania, and that's how Melania and the first lady and the President met."

These weren't off-the-cuff remarks - Hunter was deliberately spreading malicious gossip to damage the First Lady's reputation.

The video has been viewed millions of times and reposted across social media platforms, amplifying Hunter's defamatory lies.

First Lady Melania Trump wasn't about to let Hunter Biden's lies go unchallenged.

Her attorney, Alejandro Brito, sent a devastating cease-and-desist letter to Hunter Biden and his lawyer Abbe Lowell on August 6.

The letter demanded Hunter "immediately retract the false, defamatory, disparaging and inflammatory statements made about Mrs. Trump" or face legal consequences.

Brito didn't mince words about the damage Hunter's lies have caused.

"These false, disparaging, defamatory, and inflammatory statements are extremely salacious and have been widely disseminated throughout various digital mediums," the letter stated.¹

The attorney pointed out that Hunter's video "has since been re-published by various media outlets, journalists, and political commentators with millions of social media followers that have disseminated the false and defamatory statements therein to tens of millions of people worldwide."²

"Consequently, you have caused Mrs. Trump to suffer overwhelming financial and reputational harm," Brito added.³

Melania Trump's legal team didn't just demand a retraction - they exposed exactly where Hunter Biden got his false information.

Brito revealed that Hunter's "source" for the defamatory statements was "serial fabulist Michael Wolff, whose lies were published by The Daily Beast."⁴

The Daily Beast had published an article titled "Melania Trump 'very involved' in Epstein Scandal: Author" based on Wolff's claims.

But The Daily Beast had already retracted the entire article and issued an apology to Melania Trump after receiving legal pressure.

"Following receipt of our cease-and-desist demand letter just a week ago, The Daily Beast issued an apology to Mrs. Trump and retracted the false and defamatory statements contained in the article by deleting it in its entirety," Brito wrote.⁵

Despite knowing the source had been discredited and retracted, Hunter Biden still chose to repeat the lies on video.

"Despite this, you have unjustifiably relied upon Mr. Wolff's false, defamatory, disparaging, and inflammatory statements about Mrs. Trump and maliciously elected to republish them," the lawyer stated.⁶

This shows Hunter knew he was spreading lies but did it anyway for attention.

Melania Trump's attorney didn't just ask nicely for Hunter to stop spreading lies.

The legal demand came with a crushing deadline and massive financial threat.

Brito gave Hunter Biden until August 7, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. EST to comply with three specific demands.

First, Hunter must "immediately issue a full and fair retraction of the video and any and all other false, defamatory, disparaging, misleading, and inflammatory statements about Mrs. Trump in as conspicuous a manner as they were originally published."

Second, he must "immediately issue an apology for the false, defamatory, disparaging, misleading and inflammatory statements about Mrs. Trump."

Third, Hunter was directed not to "destroy, conceal, or alter any paper or electronic files, physical evidence" or other records relating to the false claims.

But here's where it gets really serious for Hunter Biden.

"If you do not comply with the above by August 7, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. EST, Mrs. Trump will be left with no alternative but to enforce her legal and equitable rights, all of which are expressly reserved and are not waived, including by filing legal action for over $1 Billion Dollars in damages," Brito wrote.⁷

"You are on notice," the attorney concluded.⁸

Sources close to the matter revealed that Hunter Biden completely missed the deadline and failed to comply with any of the demands.

But Hunter's response shows just how worried he is about facing serious legal consequences.

Instead of issuing the required apology and retraction, Hunter Biden and his team "leaked the letter" from Melania Trump's attorney to "a friendly reporter."⁹

This desperate move "shows how deeply concerned they are about Hunter's serious liability for spreading defamatory lies," according to sources familiar with the situation.¹⁰

Hunter Biden and his attorney Abbe Lowell didn't respond to requests for comment from Fox News - another sign they know they're in serious legal trouble.

Presidential pardons protect against criminal prosecution, but they provide zero protection against civil lawsuits for defamation.

Hunter Biden spent years avoiding consequences for his actions because his father was in the White House.

But now that Joe Biden is out of power, Hunter is learning that there are real consequences for spreading malicious lies about the First Family.

This isn't the first time Democrats and their media allies have spread false claims about Melania Trump's connection to Jeffrey Epstein.

Veteran Democrat strategist James Carville also repeated the same lies on his Politics War Room podcast.

After receiving legal pressure from Melania Trump's attorneys, Carville was forced to issue a humiliating public apology.

"After the episode, we received a letter from Melania Trump's lawyer," Carville admitted on his podcast. "We took a look at what they complained about, and we took down the video and edited out those comments from the episode. I also take back these statements and apologize."¹¹

The Daily Beast also pulled their article and issued an apology after being challenged by Melania Trump's legal team.

This shows a clear pattern of coordinated attacks against the First Lady using the same discredited source.

Democrats thought they could spread any lie they wanted about the Trump family without facing consequences.

But Melania Trump is fighting back and holding these professional liars accountable for their defamatory statements.

An aide to the First Lady, Nick Clemens, made clear that this aggressive legal strategy will continue.

"First Lady Melania Trump's attorneys are actively ensuring immediate retractions and apologies by those who spread malicious, defamatory falsehoods," Clemens stated.¹²

"The true account of how the First Lady met President Trump is in her best-selling book, 'Melania,'" he added.¹³

Hunter Biden has until now avoided serious consequences for his lies and criminal behavior.

But his defamatory attacks on the First Lady just opened him up to a billion-dollar lawsuit that could financially destroy him.

Presidential pardons won't save Hunter Biden from facing civil court, where the truth about his malicious lies will be fully exposed.


9. European leaders to join Zelensky when he meets Trump at the White House

Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president, German chancellor Friedrich Merz and Finnish president Alexander Stubb were the first leaders to confirm they will join Mr Zelensky in Washington DC.

French president Emmanuel Macron, Italian PM Giorgia Meloni, and Nato chief Mark Rutte have also confirmed their attendance.

Downing Street would not comment on whether Sir Keir Starmer plans to travel to Washington to join other European leaders on Monday.

Mr Zelensky's Oval Office rendezvous with the US president will take place after Western allies meet for a coalition of the willing video call on Sunday afternoon.

The call will be hosted by Prime Minister Sir Keir, France's Mr Macron and Germany's Mr Merz.

The show of unity by European leaders comes as Mr Trump appears poised to urge the Ukrainian leader to agree to a Russian land grab of his country's territory, according to reports.

Several news outlets have reported Russian president Vladimir Putin has demanded full control of Donetsk and Luhansk - two occupied Ukrainian regions - as a condition for ending the war.

In exchange, he would give up other Ukrainian territories held by Russian troops, multiple reports said, attributing sources familiar with Mr Putin and Mr Trump's negotiations in Alaska on Friday.

Mr Trump is said to be inclined to support the plan, and will speak to Mr Zelensky about it when they meet in the Oval Office.

The European leaders may also fear a repeat of Mr Zelensky's last visit to the White House at the end of February.

The tumultuous spat resulted in a souring of relations between the US and Ukraine, including a temporary cut off of American aid for the war effort.

Mr Trump appeared to change his position on how to end the war in Ukraine following his meeting with the Russian president on Friday.

Following the Alaska summit, the American leader suggested he wants to move straight to a full peace deal, rather than negotiating a ceasefire first.

The shift appears to echo the Russians' refusal to agree to ceasefire before engaging in peace talks.

Writing on social media on Sunday morning, the Ukrainian leader railed against Russia's refusal to lay down arms temporarily before agreeing to end the war.

Mr Zelensky said: "We see that Russia rebuffs numerous calls for a ceasefire and has not yet determined when it will stop the killing.

"This complicates the situation."

He added: "If they lack the will to carry out a simple order to stop the strikes, it may take a lot of effort to get Russia to have the will to implement far greater - peaceful coexistence with its neighbours for decades.

"But together we are working for peace and security. Stopping the killing is a key element of stopping the war."

Mr Zelensky is expected to attend Sunday afternoon's video call with leaders from the coalition of the willing, which is scheduled to take place at 2pm UK time.


10. European leaders to join Zelensky for Ukraine talks with Trump | Fox 11 Tri Cities Fox 41 Yakima

European leaders will join Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky during his visit to Washington on Monday seeking an end to Moscow's invasion, after President Donald Trump dropped his push for a ceasefire following his Alaska summit with Russian leader Vladimir Putin.

Securing a ceasefire in Ukraine, more than three years after the Kremlin ordered the invasion, had been one of Trump's core demands before the summit, to which Ukraine and its European allies were not invited.

But after a meeting that yielded no clear breakthrough, Trump ruled out an immediate ceasefire in Ukraine -- a move that would appear to favour Putin, who has long argued for negotiations on a final peace deal.

Ukraine and its European allies have criticised it as a way to buy time and press Russia's battlefield advances, with German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, French President Emmanuel Macron and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen among the leaders set to try and bend Trump's ear on the matter.

Ahead of the Washington visit on Monday, von der Leyen said on X she would welcome Zelensky for a meeting in Brussels on Sunday which other European leaders would join by video call, before accompanying the Ukrainian leader on his US trip at his "request" with "other European leaders".

The German government confirmed Merz was among those other European leaders, and would try to emphasise "interest in a swift peace agreement in Ukraine".

Finland said its president, Alexander Stubb, would also travel to Washington.

Trump briefed Zelensky and European leaders on his flight back from Alaska to Washington, saying afterwards that "it was determined by all that the best way to end the horrific war between Russia and Ukraine is to go directly to a peace agreement which would end the war."

Ceasefire agreements "often times do not hold up," Trump added on his Truth Social platform.

But Zelensky has appeared unconvinced by the change of tack, saying on Saturday that it "complicates the situation".

If Moscow lacks "the will to carry out a simple order to stop the strikes, it may take a lot of effort to get Russia to have the will to implement far greater -- peaceful coexistence with its neighbours for decades," he said on social media.

- 'Harsh reality' -

Trump expressed support during his call with Zelensky and European leaders for a proposal by Putin to take full control of two largely Russian-held Ukrainian regions in exchange for freezing the frontline in two others, an official briefed on the talks told AFP.

Putin "de facto demands that Ukraine leave Donbas," an area consisting of the Donetsk and Lugansk regions in eastern Ukraine, the source said.

In exchange, Russian forces would halt their offensive in the Black Sea port region of Kherson and Zaporizhzhia in southern Ukraine, where the main cities are still under Ukrainian control.

Several months into its full-scale invasion of Ukraine, Russia in September 2022 claimed to have annexed all four Ukrainian regions even though its troops still do not fully control any of them.

"The Ukrainian president refused to leave Donbas," the source said.

Trump notably also said the United States was prepared to provide Ukraine security guarantees, an assurance Merz hailed as "significant progress."

But there was a scathing assessment of the summit outcome from the European Union's top diplomat Kaja Kallas, who accused Putin of seeking to "drag out negotiations" with no commitment to end the bloodshed.

"The harsh reality is that Russia has no intention of ending this war any time soon," Kallas said.

- Zelensky back in White House -

The main diplomatic focus now switches to Zelensky's talks at the White House on Monday.

The Ukrainian president's last Oval Office visit in February ended in an extraordinary shouting match, with Trump and Vice President JD Vance publicly berating Zelensky for not showing enough gratitude for US aid.

In an interview with broadcaster Fox News after his sit-down with Putin, Trump had suggested that the onus was now on Zelensky to secure a peace deal as they work towards an eventual trilateral summit with Putin.

"It's really up to President Zelensky to get it done," Trump said.

- European pressure -

In an earlier statement, European leaders welcomed the plan for a Trump-Putin-Zelensky summit but added that they would maintain pressure on Russia in the absence of a ceasefire.

Meanwhile, the conflict in Ukraine raged on, with both Kyiv and Moscow launching attack drones at each other Sunday.

Back in Moscow, Putin said his summit talks with Trump had been "timely" and "very useful."

In his post-summit statement in Alaska, Putin had warned Ukraine and European countries not to engage in any "behind-the-scenes intrigues" that could disrupt what he called "this emerging progress."

sct-bur/js

FOX41 Yakima©FOX11 TriCities©


11. Ozark Bug Crawl returns to Cane Hill with friendly competition, learning opportunities, music and more | Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette

Support journalism that covers the topics that matter most to you. Donate today to preserve the quality and integrity of local journalism.

Monica Hooper is an award-winning features writer specializing in entertainment news for Northwest Arkansas and the River Valley. Since 2022, she has interviewed a diverse range of luminaries, including Fran Lebowitz, Herb Alpert, Carlos Santana, Ricky Skaggs, John Waters and Kristin Chenoweth. While she enjoys spotlighting these renowned figures, Monica's true passion lies in celebrating the vibrant local arts scene. She delights in uncovering and showcasing the unique talents of the musicians, artists, dancers, writers and actors who enrich her community.


12. Mass shooting at NYC lounge leaves at least 3 dead, others injured; suspects at large

A mass shooting inside Brooklyn's Taste of the City lounge left at least 3 dead and several wounded as chaos erupted early Sunday. (NYPD)

A mass shooting at a crowded lounge in New York City left at least three people dead and eight others injured as police search for multiple suspects, authorities said Sunday morning.

Gunfire erupted around 3:30 a.m. at Taste of the City in the Crown Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn after a dispute took place, NYPD Police Commissioner Jessica Tisch said during a news briefing.

Officers responded within minutes to multiple 911 calls and found 11 gunshot victims ranging in age from 27 to 61, Tisch said.

Three victims, two males aged 27 and 35, and a third male of an unknown age, were pronounced dead. The remaining eight victims were being treated at local hospitals with non-life-threatening injuries, Tisch said.

3 SHOT IN TIMES SQUARE, 17-YEAR-OLD SUSPECT DETAINED AFTER LATE-NIGHT DISPUTE

Tisch said investigators believe there were multiple shooters, though no suspects were in custody as of Sunday morning.

"We have the lowest number of shooting incidents and shooting victims seven months into the year that we've seen on record in the city of New York," Tisch told reporters. "Something like this is, of course, thank God, an anomaly and it's a terrible thing that happened this morning, but we're going to investigate and get to the bottom of what went down."

NYC SHOOTING: WHAT TO KNOW ABOUT SHANE TAMURA, GUNMAN WHO KILLED 4 INCLUDING NYPD COP IN MIDTOWN MANHATTAN

Investigators were canvassing available CCTV footage around the lounge and discovered at least 36 shell casings at the scene.

A firearm was recovered near the scene, and police are investigating whether it was used in the shooting.


13. From the archives | 1925: Dorothy Nordyke voted Miss Sioux City

Linda L. Prouse placed third in the Miss Sioux City Contest of 1925, with 63,505 votes.

Mason Dockter 150 years ago: 1875

Worm vs. Spider: About the only excitement on Pearl Street yesterday afternoon was a fight between a large fat worm and a spider, which occurred at Hattenbach's store. The worm was killed.

Vegetables of the Dakota Territory: J.S. Meckling brought down some specimens of Dakota vegetables yesterday. Among the collection was a half-grown cabbage that weighed eighteen pounds. It was raised at Burbank, on the line of the Dakota Southern Railroad. This he said was only an average head of thousands in that vicinity.

An Unhealthy Environment: Mosquitoes and green flies are said to be in greater numbers at present on the Missouri River bottom, south of Onawa, than in any other portion of the habitable universe. We are informed that they had been seen in great columns in every direction, and that it is almost impossible for stock to exist there.

People are also reading... Downtown Sioux City warehouse to be transformed into innovation hub Man charged with copper wire theft from Sioux City business Man charged with attempted murder for shooting at Sioux City police officers during pursuit New Jersey man recovered from Missouri River identified Former Sioux City mayor running for City Council seat Body found in Missouri River between Macy, Decatur Sioux City sex offender sentenced to federal prison Craig Clark says no to Sioux City manager job, city will have to keep searching Sioux City teens sentenced to prison for gunpoint robbery City of Sioux City purchases land from county for supportive housing Hausmann says subcontractor liable for LEC topsoil problems Police shooting in Denison being investigated by Iowa Division of Criminal Investigation Perdue unveils $60M case-ready pork production facility in Sioux City Man escapes from Sioux City work release facility South Sioux City Schools introduce new high school career academies 125 years ago: 1900

Family All Ill of Typhoid Due to Tainted Well Water: All members of the family of William Johnson, of 421 West Second St., are ill of typhoid fever at St. Joseph's hospital. Lying on beds of a ward on the second floor of the old hospital building are William Johnson, his wife, a 4-year-old son, and the baby, 1 1/2 years old. They were taken to the hospital from their home yesterday afternoon.

The boy was taken ill with the fever two weeks ago. The baby was taken ill next and both were cared for by the father and mother. But a few days ago the mother was taken suddenly ill with the fever and confined to her bed. All that remained of the family not sick and to care for the rest was the father. He, too, was taken ill with the disease shortly after the sickness of his wife. The attending physician advised their removal to the hospital, which was accomplished a little after the father's illness.

On July 27 last a brother of the sick man, Charles Johnson, night engineer at the Hanford Cold Storage Company, died at his home, 105 Iowa St., of typhoid fever, after an illness of several weeks. It was thought that his illness was caused by impure water obtained from a well on the lot on which he lived.

Coroner Charles M. Wade is of the opinion that the water in the well on the William Johnson lot is contaminated from some cause. He therefor assigns this as the probable reason of the family taking typhoid fever.

100 years ago: 1925

Miss Nordyke is Victor in Beauty Race: Miss Dorothy Nordyke, 2718 Myrtle St., has been elected Miss Sioux City. Polling an enormous total of 71,968 votes, Miss Nordyke topped the field in The Journal-Princess Theater beauty race when the contest closed Saturday noon.

Standing in third place when the votes had been counted Friday noon, Miss Nordyke jumped into the lead Saturday when her friends brought in 33,138 more votes to be credited to her account.

Miss Dorothy Grover, 2524 South Cornelia St., finished in second place, her grand total being 67,613 votes. Her contribution of votes on the last day totaled 27,341.

Miss Linda L. Prouse, 914 Ninth St., who led the field Friday noon, was forced to be satisfied with third position in the standings when all the votes had been counted. Miss Prouse's total was boosted to 63,505 when her friends cast 21,803 votes in her favor Saturday.

Miss Muriel Pender, 1119 Pierce St., finished in fourth place with a total of 30,011, and miss Dorothy Levine, 1121 Eleventh St., finished in fifth place with 26,933 votes.

Although contest officials did not have time Saturday night to total all of the votes cast in the contest, they estimated that the total vote during the three weeks of balloting was close to three-quarters of a million. A flood of ballots poured in on the checkers Saturday morning, making it necessary for a corps of 10 persons to take part in the counting. The total number of votes received Saturday morning was estimated at between 350,000 and 400,000.

Miss Nordyke, who now will be known as Miss Sioux City, will be given a free trip to the national bathing beauty contest and pageant at Atlantic City, N.J. She will represent Sioux City and will compete with 76 other representative young women from as many other cities of the United States in the contest for the selection of Miss America.

75 years ago: 1950

Ex-Sioux Cityans Have Roles in New Picture: Two former Sioux Cityans have bit parts in the Phoenix-filmed Robert Stillman production, "The Sound of Fury."

Appearing in the movie are Earl ("Don") Fear and his 2 1/2-year-old daughter, Lorna. Mr. Fear, the son of Mrs. Hazel A. Fear, 4319 Springfield St., moved from Sioux City to Goodyear, Ariz., last February. He is a civilian mechanic at the Goodyear naval base.

140-Lb. Hog On the Loose: This little piggy went to market in Sioux City Tuesday evening, but he got there after the stores were closed. So he didn't get to make a hog of himself on all the fat bargains the merchants have been offering. Scooting uncertainly along Fourth Street, he ran afoul of the long arm of the law. Patrolman Richard Burke spotted him and called for Patrolmen Fay Golden and Max Mills to "arrest" the animal. When they arrived, Patrolman Charles Capron already had the 140-pound porker cornered at the J.C. Penney store. The officers took the pig to the Sioux City Humane Society's animal shelter to wait for its owner.

50 years ago: 1975

Mayor's Campaign Already Costs Him: Oops! Sioux City Mayor George Cole has a bill to settle with the city treasurer after he advertently had a two-page press release announcing his candidacy for re-election to the city council printed on city stationery by city personnel.

Such use of government property is prohibited by Iowa law.

"I walked into this innocently," Cole said. "I already have asked for and received from the city manager a bill and I am sending a check to the city treasurer for the cost of the release."

The bill amounted to $7.69.

The release was circulated to the news media Thursday.

25 years ago: 2000

Winnebago School Breaks Ground: Construction is scheduled to begin after Labor Day on a $3.3 million addition to the Winnebago, Neb., school that will add 16 elementary classrooms to the building.

School officials, members of the Native American community and pupils attended a Cedar Ceremony Tuesday afternoon to celebrate groundbreaking for the addition.

"This is an exciting event," Superintendent Virgil Likness said. "We will build 16 classrooms for kindergarten through fourth grade and hope to have this completed in 14 months. The Cedar Ceremony is a Native American ritual that is performed when you have any kind of special event and they bless the occasion."

The addition will be two stories in height and represents the first phase of a three-phase construction plan at the Winnebago school. Likness said the second phase calls for renovating the kitchen and cafeteria while the third phase calls for building a new gymnasium. The district also plans to expand an alternative education program. Total cost of the project is $7.5 million.

0 Comments Love 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Sad 0 Angry 0

Be the first to know

Get local news delivered to your inbox!

Sign up! * I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Mason Dockter

Assistant News Editor

Author facebook Author twitter Author email Follow Mason Dockter Close Get email notifications on {{subject}} daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification.

{{description}}

Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.

Save Manage followed notifications Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today


14. Maple Lake Car Accident Sends Two To The Hospital, But No Serious Injuries Reported

SILVER CREEK TOWNSHIP (WJON News) -- Two people were hurt in a crash Saturday afternoon near Maple Lake. According to the Minnesota State Patrol, a car driven by 34-year-old Jonathan Grabowski of Moorhead was going west on 85th Street NW about 2 miles north of Maple Lake. Meanwhile, a pickup truck driven by 41-year-old Adam Lund of Annandale was going east on 85th Street NW when the two vehicles crashed near Griffith Avenue. Grabowski and a passenger in his car, 44-year-old Jimmy Burnett of Fargo, ND, were taken to the Buffalo Hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. Lund was not hurt in the crash.


15. Economists expect tariffs lifted food prices, core inflation in July

OTTAWA -- Tariff impacts are expected to keep underlying inflation elevated in July, a Desjardins economist says, even if the headline figure retreats.

Statistics Canada is set to report inflation figures for July on Tuesday. A poll of economists expects annual inflation cooled last month to 1.7 per cent, according to LSEG Data & Analytics.

June's consumer price index showed the annual rate of inflation ticked up to 1.9 per cent.

Randall Bartlett, deputy chief economist at Desjardins, said he expects the headline inflation figure slowed beyond expectations to 1.6 per cent in July as lower energy costs continue to take steam out of price pressures.

"We're kind of expecting it to be a bit softer than what we saw back in June. So, from a headline perspective anyway, that's overall pretty positive news for Canadians," he said in an interview.

RBC is above the economists' consensus, expecting July's annual inflation reading will match the 1.9 per cent seen in June.

Economists Nathan Janzen and Claire Fan wrote in a note to clients Friday that the removal of the consumer carbon price at the start of April "continues to artificially lower headline inflation."

But they warned that price pressures below the surface should remain stubborn in July.

"Underlying trends have surprised upward this year, partly due to tariff impacts on products like food and vehicles, but also from higher prices for domestic services," Janzen and Fan wrote.

The Bank of Canada's preferred metrics of core inflation floated a bit above three per cent in June, according to Statistics Canada.

Bartlett said Desjardins foresees these metrics holding between 2.5 per cent and three per cent for the rest of the year as Canada's tariff dispute with the United States drives up prices.

He said he'll be looking to see whether more businesses were passing costs from tariffs onto consumers in July.

Consumer price index data from the United States this past week appeared to show a tariff impact in the form of higher prices for shoes and furniture.

While he believes the bulk of tariff price impacts were passed through in April and May, Bartlett said Canada will continue to feel the pinch from border levies on food and durable goods.

"That's going to put persistent upward pressure on price growth in Canada," he said.

The Bank of Canada held its benchmark interest rate steady at 2.75 per cent on July 30 as it waits for more information on how the Canada-U.S. trade dispute is affecting the economy.

The summary of deliberations from that decision released this past week show the central bank's governing council remains wary of the effect of tariffs on inflation.

Members indicated in those minutes that the impact on consumer prices "appeared to be modest so far," but the tariff influence is only just starting to show up in the data.

While businesses' inflation expectations remain well-anchored according to recent surveys, the governing council said the costs of finding new suppliers amid shifting global trade could still push prices higher.

"Overall, members agreed that it was still too early to assess how tariffs and the rewiring of trade would affect economic activity and inflation in Canada," the summary read.

Bartlett said he expects economic data will open the door to a quarter-point interest rate cut at the Bank of Canada's next decision on Sept. 17.

But that's contingent on core inflation readings getting back under control in the upcoming CPI releases for July and August.

"If we see that there's less passthrough from tariffs into inflation than we're expecting ... we think there there's an opportunity for the Bank of Canada to cut further," he said.


16. Perspective: Don't pass the buck for our busted budget

Just three years ago, Coloradans were receiving $750 TABOR refund checks in the mail because the state had a surplus of $3.6 billion. Now, legislators are being called back to the Capitol for a special session to deal with a $783 million deficit. The contrast couldn't be starker.

The good news is that the budget deficit is essentially money going back into the pockets of hard-working Coloradans. About $460 million of it comes from individual income tax relief -- with at least $290 million of that coming from 2025 tax breaks on overtime. The rest of the money is going to cut taxes for businesses -- many of them small and family-owned -- that create jobs and keep the cost of living lower. When you hear liberals say they have to cover a "deficit," remember that the reality is people are getting their money back -- and that's better than the government spending it.

Keep in mind that Colorado's budget isn't small, and it hasn't grown slowly. The 2025 budget was a whopping $44 billion. What's more, the budget has grown 50% over the last five years. Cutting $783 million from a $44 billion budget means cutting less than 3%. How many families have sat around kitchen tables in Colorado, deciding how to cut 3% or more from their budget to make ends meet with our high cost of living. None of these working families got to "raise revenue" from someone else to pay their expenses. They had to get serious, trim spending and fix their budgets. Somehow, the legislature and the governor think this is too much to ask of the state government.

So, what happened between 2022 and today? How did we get here?

Simply put, Colorado continued to get worse on many of the metrics that matter. Our cost of doing business has risen; we're now ranked 38th in the nation. CNBC ranks Colorado's cost of living as the third highest in the nation and gives us an "F."

Our population growth has fallen 53% over the last decade. According to Congress' Joint Economic Committee, Colorado had the highest rate of inflation in the nation from 2021-2024. U.S. News & World Report rated Colorado the second most dangerous state in the nation. Recently, we've risen to the top of nearly all the bad lists, reaching number one in auto thefts, cocaine use and bank robberies. Liberal policies have created much of this and made all of it worse. Good, hardworking people are simply being chased out of the state.

We can look at sales tax for another clue. The city of Denver has a $250 million budget hole, largely due to sales tax collection being lower -- and not because the city cuts taxes. It's because fewer people are choosing to spend their money in Denver. Colorado, overall, had a nearly 2% decline in inflation-adjusted and population-adjusted sales tax -- significantly worse than neighboring states such as Utah and Wyoming (which had over 4% growth in adjusted sales tax).

We can also see that the state government has a spending problem. The state is spending our money faster than it can bring it in. From 2010 to 2025, Colorado's general fund spending increased 134%. Rather than acknowledging this level of spending spikes is irresponsible and unsustainable, liberal leaders are blaming federal tax cuts for causing budget gaps.

A few examples of government overspending and waste include $628 million in grants to nongovernmental organizations over the last 10 years (tripling in the last three years under Gov. Jared Polis); $9 million in film grants; $1.5 million in video game grants; $3 million in the marijuana entrepreneurs fund; $4 million in grants to Aspen-based companies and organizations, and 600-700 new full-time state employees in the Polis administration.

It's no wonder revenue is down. It's harder for businesses to survive here, and despite the liberals' desire to constantly blame the federal government, many of our problems are unique to Colorado. Not every state budgets so poorly and then blames someone else for the results.

TABOR, our Taxpayer's Bill of Rights, is unique to Colorado, and it's receiving a special amount of anger from elected liberals. (Over 70% of Coloradans support TABOR.) State Sen. Jeff Bridges, chairman of the legislature's Joint Budget Committee, constantly claims TABOR is the reason why Colorado can't afford the liberal priorities in the budget. The chair of the Colorado Democrats tried to blame the Republicans in Congress along with TABOR for "robbing" Coloradans. He wrote on X (formerly Twitter) that "TABOR robs CO of fully funded schools, great roads, and good services ..." During the special session, you're going to hear that the federal government and TABOR took your refunds and your tax credits away.

But Coloradans aren't so easily deceived. These TABOR-blaming claims are coming from the same politicians who tried to remove future TABOR refunds from the people with Prop CC and Prop HH (which were both soundly defeated at the ballot box).

Sign Up For Free: Gazette Opinion Receive updates from our editorial staff, guest columnists, and letters from Gazette readers. Sent to your inbox 12:00 PM.

Sign Up View all of our newsletters. Success! Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter. View all of our newsletters. Featured Local Savings

What's more, their TABOR claims aren't accurate. The tax credits these liberals are referring to include the Earned Income Tax Credit, which is only given out when we have TABOR surpluses. Apparently, this tax credit was important enough to them when they could take the funds from TABOR money, but not when it would have to come out of their own general fund budget. Months before the special session was announced -- and before HR1 was passed -- state data accurately showed that there would be no TABOR refunds this year. There was never going to be the Earned Income Tax Credit, either. The budget surplus was completely blown well before the federal tax bill was passed.

It's convenient to cry wolf and blame the federal government, but it's liberals' decisions that are eliminating tax credits from families. And that's not all. They've intentionally taxed working families even more. HB25-1296, passed in the regular legislative session, ensured that, regardless of the federal tax break on overtime pay, Colorado will continue to tax overtime starting back up in 2026. This is a tax increase that violates TABOR, and Advance Colorado, along with state Sen. Barbara Kirkmeyer and Fremont County Commissioner Kevin Grantham, have brought a lawsuit against it.

Prior to the special session announcement, reports indicated the legislature planned to speed up taxes on overtime and add tips to the bill, charging working families this year. Thankfully, when their plans were exposed, people got active, contacting their legislators and the governor, and the plan to tax working families even more was scrapped.

Since the state can't manage its ballooning budget, it prefers to make working families pay, but when that doesn't work, it turns to the businesses that employ them. There's a specific plan to "raise revenue" (i.e., increase taxes) on Colorado businesses during the special session. We can expect our ranking of 38th in the nation in the cost to do business to fall lower next year. These same businesses that are being targeted by the governor are the ones employing Coloradans, creating jobs, and generating sales tax.

Policies have consequences, and state policies have led us to this moment. But despite the mess liberal politicians have created for us, there's always hope that we can make things better. Colorado is a great state. Our workforce is ranked the seventh best in the nation.

What the people need is responsible elected officials who can acknowledge their fault in how we got to this point.

After admitting what they did to cause the crisis, our leaders should stop bashing TABOR and work to protect it; it's what the people want. No same-year tax change should be passed during the special session (that's a violation of TABOR), and any 2026 change must be sent to voters.

Legislators also should reverse their anti-business policies so we don't run deficits; they should manage the budget more realistically; they must enact pro-growth policies that don't lead to revenue shortfalls.

Lawmakers should conduct a line-by-line review of the state government spending to identify and cut excessive and wasteful spending of taxpayers' dollars. The state must examine how it can be more efficient with taxpayer dollars rather than calling for more revenue to feed the beast.

Ultimately, the goal should be to create more opportunity for more Coloradans. Now is the time to start.

Michael Fields is the president of Advance Colorado.


17. Homeowner stunned after waking up to find workers hacking away in backyard: 'I repeatedly told them to get off of my property'

Environmentally conscious homeowners across the country are increasingly finding themselves at odds with homeowners associations over their right to grow gardens on their own property. Cases are constantly emerging where HOAs restrict or even attempt to remove native trees, vegetable gardens, and natural lawns -- even on properties not technically under HOA governance.

One Georgia homeowner recently woke to find workers in their backyard, hired by a neighbor and allegedly supported by the HOA, attempting to cut down a healthy sweet gum tree. The tree, which straddled a property line, had never been the subject of a complaint. Yet, without notice or consent, the crew pruned it severely, leaving it damaged and potentially dangerous.

The homeowner explained, "I repeatedly told them to get off of my property and to stop messing with the tree. I had to call the cops to make them stop cutting at the tree. They cut the branches all the way back to the trunk but left the very top and bottom of the branches. Now it looks like s*** and has dead, broken and cut branches just hanging from it. I've called a few lawyers but they've not been able to help me at all."

The Reddit community chimed in with some advice about this homeowner's rights.

Situations like this raise critical concerns not only about property rights but also about how aesthetic, and sometimes illogical, preferences enforced by HOAs can undermine personal rights and climate-friendly choices.

Gardens with native flowers and vegetables might not be the picture-perfect landscaping that HOAs imagine, but they offer significant benefits. Native plants and natural lawns improve the biodiversity of the area by inviting necessary pollinators like birds, butterflies, and bees to the yard.

Additionally, homeowners reduce water usage and spend less time on maintenance compared to conventional lawns. With vegetable gardens, homeowners save hundreds of dollars on groceries.

When HOAs impose outdated, homogenized lawn standards or act without consent, they risk damaging not just property and personal rights, but also their tenants' freedom to live more sustainably.

The good news is that many homeowners have been able to fight back, changing bylaws in favor of more eco-friendly practices that allow gardeners to develop the biodiverse, natural yards and native gardens of their dreams.


18. LayerZero (ZRO) Surges 4% as Stargate Merger Proposal Outweighs Token Unlock Concerns

* ZRO currently trading at $2.18 (+3.96% in 24h) * LayerZero's RSI at 57.19 shows neutral momentum with bullish MACD crossover * $110M Stargate Finance acquisition proposal drives positive market sentiment

The ZRO price rally stems primarily from LayerZero Foundation's strategic announcement on August 10th to acquire Stargate Finance for $110 million. This consolidation play involves merging STG tokens into ZRO at a fixed rate, effectively retiring STG as a standalone token. The proposal has sparked significant market confidence, positioning LayerZero as a dominant force in cross-chain infrastructure.

However, traders are also monitoring the upcoming token unlock scheduled for August 20, 2025. LayerZero will release approximately 25.71 million ZRO tokens worth $58.36 million, potentially increasing market supply. Despite this looming dilution event, the ZRO price has maintained its upward trajectory, suggesting the market views the Stargate merger as a net positive catalyst.

The timing of these events creates an interesting dynamic where positive fundamental news is currently outweighing potential technical selling pressure from the token unlock.

LayerZero technical analysis reveals encouraging momentum indicators across multiple timeframes. The ZRO RSI reading of 57.19 positions the token in neutral territory, providing room for further upside without entering overbought conditions. This balanced RSI level suggests sustainable price appreciation potential.

The MACD indicator shows particularly strong bullish signals for LayerZero, with the MACD line at 0.0599 trading well above the signal line at 0.0325. The positive MACD histogram of 0.0274 confirms strengthening upward momentum. Additionally, LayerZero's moving averages paint a mixed but improving picture, with the 7-day SMA at $2.21 and 20-day SMA at $1.96 both supporting the current price action.

LayerZero's Bollinger Bands analysis shows ZRO trading at a %B position of 0.7500, indicating the price sits in the upper portion of the band range. With the upper band at $2.40 and lower band at $1.52, there's room for continued upward movement before reaching overbought levels.

Based on Binance spot market data, LayerZero support levels are clearly defined at $1.64, which aligns with both immediate and strong support zones. This level represents a critical floor for ZRO, having previously acted as the 52-week low area around $1.60.

On the upside, ZRO resistance faces its first major test at $2.60, which serves as both immediate and strong resistance. Breaking above this level could open the path toward the psychological $3.00 mark. The current ZRO/USDT trading range of $2.08-$2.21 over the past 24 hours suggests consolidation before the next directional move.

The pivot point at $2.16 sits just below the current ZRO price, indicating short-term bullish bias. Traders should watch for sustained breaks above $2.21 to confirm continued upward momentum.

For aggressive traders, the current ZRO price setup offers attractive risk-reward dynamics. Entry near $2.18 with a stop-loss at $2.00 (LayerZero's 50-day SMA) provides a manageable 8% downside risk while targeting the $2.60 resistance level offers 19% upside potential.

Conservative investors might wait for a pullback to the $1.96-$2.00 support zone, where LayerZero's 20-day and 50-day moving averages converge. This approach reduces entry risk while still capitalizing on the broader bullish trend.

The August 20th token unlock presents a specific risk factor that traders must consider. Historically, token unlocks can create temporary selling pressure, but LayerZero's strong fundamental catalyst with the Stargate merger may offset this technical headwind.

Swing traders should monitor the ZRO RSI closely, as any move above 70 would signal overbought conditions and potential short-term profit-taking opportunities.

LayerZero's current price action reflects a market that's pricing in the strategic value of the Stargate acquisition while largely discounting the upcoming token unlock. The ZRO price momentum remains constructive, supported by bullish technical indicators and positive fundamental developments. Traders should focus on the $2.60 resistance break as the key catalyst for the next leg higher, while managing downside risk around the $2.00 support cluster. The next 24-48 hours will likely determine whether ZRO can sustain its current rally ahead of the August 20th token unlock event.


19. Solana Price Relapse Has Traders Worried But Analysts Say $220 Is Back In Play By September - Tekedia

The Solana price has been on a rollercoaster this week, slipping back toward $180 after briefly reclaiming the $200 mark. This sudden relapse has traders questioning the token's short-term momentum.

However, top analysts point to $220 as a realistic target by September. They cited strong on-chain support levels and growing bullish sentiment. However, despite this setback, recent Solana news suggests confidence in SOL's long-term upside remains intact.

The Solana price has been anything but calm this month. After starting the week near $180, SOL surged above $200, touching $205 before sliding back down with the rest of the market. This pullback has traders on edge, but analysts remain confident.

According to Solana News, the $188 resistance level has been a sticking point for most of 2025. Still, on-chain indicators suggest that the SOL price could rally if momentum builds above key trading zones.

Popular analyst Burak Kesmeci highlighted the importance of the $170-$179 support region, noting that as long as SOL holds that floor, the bullish structure remains intact. Legendary trader Bluntz doubled down with his Solana Price Prediction, using Elliott Wave analysis to forecast an imminent breakout that could push the SOL price today toward $220 by September. Market data also supports this optimism, with derivatives showing traders heavily tilted toward long positions.

Meanwhile, whales have quietly increased their holdings, and the number of wallets with over 10,000 SOL has hit record highs. This accumulation, paired with broader market recovery, adds fuel to the bullish case. Despite the recent relapse, SOL News points to growing institutional confidence and a strong setup for a rebound.

If momentum continues, analysts agree that $220 is not just possible but likely within weeks.

Remittix is proving why many analysts are calling it the hidden giant of 2025. While tokens like Solana face short-term volatility, Remittix keeps building real momentum. The project has already raised over $19.8 million, selling more than 600 million RTX tokens at just $0.0944 each. This boost in support signifies rising trust in Remittix's PayFi model, which simplifies crypto-to-fiat payments for individuals and businesses worldwide.

These achievements aren't just numbers, they show Remittix is on track to disrupt payments much like XRP once did. The upcoming CEX listing and wallet release mark two major product milestones that expand global access and increase adoption potential.

Analysts even project a 10,000% rise in value by late 2025 as Remittix positions itself as the next PayFi leader. While the Solana price prediction remains uncertain, RTX's clear roadmap makes it a serious contender for investors seeking long-term upside.


20. Arsenal handed major financial boost as they overtake Manchester United

Arsenal are set to generate more sponsorship revenue than Manchester United for the first time in the modern era, Sporting News understands.

The Gunners are projected to secure £164 million (around $210m USD) from key sponsorship deals during the 2025/26 season, edging out United's £160m (approximately $205m USD).

It marks a significant moment for the north London side, whose resurgence under Mikel Arteta has fuelled both sporting and financial growth.

United's commercial power has taken a noticeable hit after their raining kit agreement with blockchain company Tezos - worth close to £20m ($25m USD) annually - was not renewed, while Adidas cut £10m ($12.8m USD) from their yearly payments after Ruben Amorim's team failed to qualify for the Champions League.

The club are expected to seek ways of plugging the shortfall, potentially through new sponsorship agreements or the sale of naming rights for their redeveloped Carrington training ground.

AON previously held those rights in a deal worth between £15m-£17m ($19m-$22m USD) per year.

📲 Follow The Sporting News on WhatsApp

The Gunners meanwhile, are entering the final year of their sleeve sponsorship with Visit Rwanda and are expected to renegotiate the partnership at a significantly higher rate, with a deal likely to exceed £15m ($19m USD) per season.

According to the latest valuations, the 10 most valuable football brands in the Premier League are worth almost £7 billion ($8.9bn USD).

Newcastle recorded the biggest brand growth at 20%, followed by Arsenal and Aston Villa with increases of 17% each. The sharpest declines were seen at Manchester United (-14%) and Manchester City (-13%), underlining a turbulent year for both clubs on and off the pitch.

The focus now turns back to the pitch for Arsenal, who face United in their Premier League opener at Old Trafford on Sunday, with 15-year-old Max Dowman included in the travelling squad for the Gunners.


🇺🇸 USA MARKET NEWS
----------------------------------------

1. Grace Ayensu-Danquah not a professor - GTEC - Ghanamma.com

The Ghana Tertiary Education Commission (GTEC) has disputed claims by Dr. Grace Ayensu-Danquah that she holds the academic rank of professor, urging her to desist from presenting herself with the title.

In a letter addressed to the Chief of Staff at the Presidency, GTEC explained that the Commission had earlier requested Dr. Ayensu-Danquah to provide documentary evidence of her professorial appointment by 11th August 2025.

Her legal team, led by David K. Ametefe, responded on August 8, insisting that she was appointed an Assistant Professor of Surgery by the University of Utah in the United States.

They further argued that GTEC had no authority to demand such evidence since the appointment was made outside Ghana.

However, GTEC noted discrepancies in the documents submitted. A letter from the University of Utah, signed by Prof. W. Bradford Rockwell, Vice Chair for Academic Affairs in the Department of Surgery, confirmed that Dr. Ayensu-Danquah was appointed as an Adjunct Assistant Professor, not Assistant Professor as claimed by her solicitors.

The Commission stressed that the omission of the term "Adjunct" was misleading. It further explained that the position of Adjunct Assistant Professor is a non-tenure track role, and within Ghana's academic framework, it equates roughly to a part-time lecturer -- not a senior lecturer, and certainly not a professor.

"Based on the above, the Commission concludes that Dr. Grace Ayensu-Danquah does not hold the title of Professor in any capacity," the letter stated.

GTEC has therefore called on her employers to ensure she ceases presenting herself as a professor. It also warned that should she persist, the Commission may take legal action on grounds of public deception.

Attached to the letter were GTEC's earlier correspondence dated 4th August 2025, the University of Utah's clarification, and the response from Dr. Ayensu-Danquah's solicitors.


2. UK PM Keir Starmer joins 'Coalition of the Willing' talks over Russia-Ukraine conflict

LONDON: British Prime Minister Keir Starmer joined a video call with European allies on Sunday ahead of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's visit to the White House next week for talks with US President Donald Trump over the country's ongoing conflict with Russia.

Starmer was joined by French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Friedrich Merz as hosts of the "Coalition of the Willing", after Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin held a summit in Alaska in pursuit of peace on Friday.

Starmer praised the American President's efforts, which he said had "brought us closer than ever before to ending Russia's illegal war in Ukraine" and reiterated Europe's "unwavering support" for Ukraine.

"His leadership in pursuit of an end to the killing should be commended. While progress has been made, the next step must be further talks involving President Zelenskyy. The path to peace in Ukraine cannot be decided without him," Starmer said in a statement issued by Downing Street.

"I welcome the openness of the United States, alongside Europe, to provide robust security guarantees to Ukraine as part of any deal."

Calling it "important progress", he said it will be crucial in "deterring Putin from coming back for more".

"In the meantime, until he (Putin) stops his barbaric assault, we will keep tightening the screws on his war machine with even more sanctions, which have already had a punishing impact on the Russian economy and its people," Starmer said.

On Saturday, in a joint statement with Macron, Merz and other European Union (EU) leaders, Starmer welcomed Trump's debrief following his meeting with Putin which ended without any ceasefire agreement.

"As President Trump said 'there's no deal until there's a deal'. As envisioned by President Trump, the next step must now be further talks including President Zelenskyy, whom he will meet soon," the leaders said.

"The Coalition of the Willing is ready to play an active role. No limitations should be placed on Ukraine's armed forces or on its cooperation with third countries. Russia cannot have a veto against Ukraine's pathway to EU and NATO (North Atlantic Treaty Organisation). It will be up to Ukraine to make decisions on its territory. International borders must not be changed by force," they noted.

It came as some media reports indicate that Putin expects Ukraine to withdraw from the Donbas region, parts of which Russia has attempted to occupy during the conflict.

'The Financial Times' reported that the Russian President told Trump that he would freeze the conflict along much of the frontline if his demands were met.


3. Scientists claim chances of curing baldness are growing | The National

Benjamin Franklin, one of the founding fathers of the United States, famously joked that just two things in life were certain: death and taxes.

For many men, however, a third inevitability looms - baldness.

In June, Pelage Pharmaceuticals announced "positive results" from Phase 2a clinical trials of PP405, a drug which aims to combat male-pattern baldness and the thinning of hair in women.

The drug is designed to "reactivate dormant hair follicle stem cells" and could become a "first-in-class" treatment for men and women, Pelage Pharmaceuticals said in a statement.

The treatment could "go beyond slowing the hair loss process and directly drive hair follicle regeneration," said Dr Christina Weng, the company's chief medical officer.

"This as a milestone that expands the possibilities of regenerative medicine," she added. "As we advance into the next stage of clinical development, our focus remains on delivering a science-driven solution that works for everyone."

The phase 2a trials involved 78 participants, both men and women - with each person applying the drug or a placebo to their scalp once a day for four weeks.

According to the results published by the company, four weeks after the treatment finished, an increase in hair density of 20 per cent or more was seen in almost one third of men who had a greater degree of hair loss. No improvement was observed in the placebo group.

Pelage Pharmaceuticals says what is particularly significant is the drug's apparent ability to kick-start hair growth in follicles where no hair was previously present.

PP405 has been developed by researchers at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), and targets a series of chemical reactions in cells. Male-pattern baldness is largely caused by genes, although environmental factors also play a role. In some men it begins in their late teens, with rates increasing with age.

A US study found that 16 per cent of men aged 18 to 29 had "moderate to extensive" hair loss, while among 40-somethings the figure was 53 per cent. Over their lifetime, 80 per cent of men will experience hair loss.

Also, about 40 per cent of women will be affected by a thinning of their hair cover.

Dr Bharat Pankhania, a senior clinical lecturer at the University of Exeter Medical School, said that with respect to medication, "some progress" had been made with male-pattern baldness.

"It's inducing the hair follicles to be stimulated to wake up and start doing things they used to do once upon a time," he said.

A true cure, however, remains elusive. Indeed a 2023 paper in Trends in Biotechnology said that the most effective treatment remained a hair transplant.

This paper noted that "the needs and expectations of patients" were typically not met by current drug treatments, which were often expensive and had limited effectiveness.

According to the study, only two drugs approved by the US Food and Drug Administration have been marketed as treatments following four decades of research - and these were branded as being only "marginally effective".

According to figures quoted in the Trends in Biotechnology paper, the global alopecia market was worth $7.6 billion in 2020, and by 2028 is likely to reach $13 billion. Some estimates have put the sector's value as being even higher.

"Because it's a huge market there's a lot of research to find a solution," Dr Pankhania said. "I remain optimistic, just as I remain optimistic with the management of [other conditions including] sickle cell anaemia. There's a demand."

While PP405 has sparked many headlines, there are many other strands of research aimed at gaining a better understanding of male-pattern baldness in the hope of finding a cure. Much of this centres on the genetic basis for the condition.

Research by the University of Bonn and other institutions in Germany, published in 2023, found a link between rare variants of five genes and male-pattern baldness. The results, the university said when its findings were released, could lead to improved treatments.

So for those whose hair is thinning or has almost completely gone, there are causes for optimism - assuming, of course, that they feel that their baldness needs to be cured.


4. European leaders to join Zelensky for Ukraine talks with Trump | Fox 11 Tri Cities Fox 41 Yakima

European leaders will join Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky during his visit to Washington on Monday seeking an end to Moscow's invasion, after President Donald Trump dropped his push for a ceasefire following his Alaska summit with Russian leader Vladimir Putin.

Securing a ceasefire in Ukraine, more than three years after the Kremlin ordered the invasion, had been one of Trump's core demands before the summit, to which Ukraine and its European allies were not invited.

But after a meeting that yielded no clear breakthrough, Trump ruled out an immediate ceasefire in Ukraine -- a move that would appear to favour Putin, who has long argued for negotiations on a final peace deal.

Ukraine and its European allies have criticised it as a way to buy time and press Russia's battlefield advances, with German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, French President Emmanuel Macron and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen among the leaders set to try and bend Trump's ear on the matter.

Ahead of the Washington visit on Monday, von der Leyen said on X she would welcome Zelensky for a meeting in Brussels on Sunday which other European leaders would join by video call, before accompanying the Ukrainian leader on his US trip at his "request" with "other European leaders".

The German government confirmed Merz was among those other European leaders, and would try to emphasise "interest in a swift peace agreement in Ukraine".

Finland said its president, Alexander Stubb, would also travel to Washington.

Trump briefed Zelensky and European leaders on his flight back from Alaska to Washington, saying afterwards that "it was determined by all that the best way to end the horrific war between Russia and Ukraine is to go directly to a peace agreement which would end the war."

Ceasefire agreements "often times do not hold up," Trump added on his Truth Social platform.

But Zelensky has appeared unconvinced by the change of tack, saying on Saturday that it "complicates the situation".

If Moscow lacks "the will to carry out a simple order to stop the strikes, it may take a lot of effort to get Russia to have the will to implement far greater -- peaceful coexistence with its neighbours for decades," he said on social media.

- 'Harsh reality' -

Trump expressed support during his call with Zelensky and European leaders for a proposal by Putin to take full control of two largely Russian-held Ukrainian regions in exchange for freezing the frontline in two others, an official briefed on the talks told AFP.

Putin "de facto demands that Ukraine leave Donbas," an area consisting of the Donetsk and Lugansk regions in eastern Ukraine, the source said.

In exchange, Russian forces would halt their offensive in the Black Sea port region of Kherson and Zaporizhzhia in southern Ukraine, where the main cities are still under Ukrainian control.

Several months into its full-scale invasion of Ukraine, Russia in September 2022 claimed to have annexed all four Ukrainian regions even though its troops still do not fully control any of them.

"The Ukrainian president refused to leave Donbas," the source said.

Trump notably also said the United States was prepared to provide Ukraine security guarantees, an assurance Merz hailed as "significant progress."

But there was a scathing assessment of the summit outcome from the European Union's top diplomat Kaja Kallas, who accused Putin of seeking to "drag out negotiations" with no commitment to end the bloodshed.

"The harsh reality is that Russia has no intention of ending this war any time soon," Kallas said.

- Zelensky back in White House -

The main diplomatic focus now switches to Zelensky's talks at the White House on Monday.

The Ukrainian president's last Oval Office visit in February ended in an extraordinary shouting match, with Trump and Vice President JD Vance publicly berating Zelensky for not showing enough gratitude for US aid.

In an interview with broadcaster Fox News after his sit-down with Putin, Trump had suggested that the onus was now on Zelensky to secure a peace deal as they work towards an eventual trilateral summit with Putin.

"It's really up to President Zelensky to get it done," Trump said.

- European pressure -

In an earlier statement, European leaders welcomed the plan for a Trump-Putin-Zelensky summit but added that they would maintain pressure on Russia in the absence of a ceasefire.

Meanwhile, the conflict in Ukraine raged on, with both Kyiv and Moscow launching attack drones at each other Sunday.

Back in Moscow, Putin said his summit talks with Trump had been "timely" and "very useful."

In his post-summit statement in Alaska, Putin had warned Ukraine and European countries not to engage in any "behind-the-scenes intrigues" that could disrupt what he called "this emerging progress."

sct-bur/js

FOX41 Yakima©FOX11 TriCities©


5. Von der Leyen to travel to Washington to join Zelenskyy-Trump talks

Many European leaders are set to join Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in his visit to the White House on Monday to meet with his US counterpart Donald Trump.

Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is set to arrive in Brussels where he will meet with European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen.

The pair will then together participate in the virtual meeting of the Coalition of the Willing, with German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, French President Emmanuel Macron and British Prime Minister Keir Starmer.

In a post on X, von der Leyen says she will then join Zelenskyy at the White House on Monday to participate in his meeting with US President Donald Trump, at Zelenskyy's request.

The Commission president noted that other European leaders will also join the meeting, but it's not clear as of yet whether they will be travelling to Washington or joining virtually.

Berlin says Merz will also be travelling to the US capital on Monday to join the talks.

"The trip will serve as an exchange of information with US President Donald Trump following his meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Alaska," said the chancellor's spokesperson.

The Elysee have also confirmed Macron's attendance in Monday's talks.

Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni is also believed to be attending. Italian media say Meloni has cut short her holiday and returned to Rome on Sunday to prepare to travel to the United States.


6. From the archives | 1925: Dorothy Nordyke voted Miss Sioux City

Linda L. Prouse placed third in the Miss Sioux City Contest of 1925, with 63,505 votes.

Mason Dockter 150 years ago: 1875

Worm vs. Spider: About the only excitement on Pearl Street yesterday afternoon was a fight between a large fat worm and a spider, which occurred at Hattenbach's store. The worm was killed.

Vegetables of the Dakota Territory: J.S. Meckling brought down some specimens of Dakota vegetables yesterday. Among the collection was a half-grown cabbage that weighed eighteen pounds. It was raised at Burbank, on the line of the Dakota Southern Railroad. This he said was only an average head of thousands in that vicinity.

An Unhealthy Environment: Mosquitoes and green flies are said to be in greater numbers at present on the Missouri River bottom, south of Onawa, than in any other portion of the habitable universe. We are informed that they had been seen in great columns in every direction, and that it is almost impossible for stock to exist there.

People are also reading... Downtown Sioux City warehouse to be transformed into innovation hub Man charged with copper wire theft from Sioux City business Man charged with attempted murder for shooting at Sioux City police officers during pursuit New Jersey man recovered from Missouri River identified Former Sioux City mayor running for City Council seat Body found in Missouri River between Macy, Decatur Sioux City sex offender sentenced to federal prison Craig Clark says no to Sioux City manager job, city will have to keep searching Sioux City teens sentenced to prison for gunpoint robbery City of Sioux City purchases land from county for supportive housing Hausmann says subcontractor liable for LEC topsoil problems Police shooting in Denison being investigated by Iowa Division of Criminal Investigation Perdue unveils $60M case-ready pork production facility in Sioux City Man escapes from Sioux City work release facility South Sioux City Schools introduce new high school career academies 125 years ago: 1900

Family All Ill of Typhoid Due to Tainted Well Water: All members of the family of William Johnson, of 421 West Second St., are ill of typhoid fever at St. Joseph's hospital. Lying on beds of a ward on the second floor of the old hospital building are William Johnson, his wife, a 4-year-old son, and the baby, 1 1/2 years old. They were taken to the hospital from their home yesterday afternoon.

The boy was taken ill with the fever two weeks ago. The baby was taken ill next and both were cared for by the father and mother. But a few days ago the mother was taken suddenly ill with the fever and confined to her bed. All that remained of the family not sick and to care for the rest was the father. He, too, was taken ill with the disease shortly after the sickness of his wife. The attending physician advised their removal to the hospital, which was accomplished a little after the father's illness.

On July 27 last a brother of the sick man, Charles Johnson, night engineer at the Hanford Cold Storage Company, died at his home, 105 Iowa St., of typhoid fever, after an illness of several weeks. It was thought that his illness was caused by impure water obtained from a well on the lot on which he lived.

Coroner Charles M. Wade is of the opinion that the water in the well on the William Johnson lot is contaminated from some cause. He therefor assigns this as the probable reason of the family taking typhoid fever.

100 years ago: 1925

Miss Nordyke is Victor in Beauty Race: Miss Dorothy Nordyke, 2718 Myrtle St., has been elected Miss Sioux City. Polling an enormous total of 71,968 votes, Miss Nordyke topped the field in The Journal-Princess Theater beauty race when the contest closed Saturday noon.

Standing in third place when the votes had been counted Friday noon, Miss Nordyke jumped into the lead Saturday when her friends brought in 33,138 more votes to be credited to her account.

Miss Dorothy Grover, 2524 South Cornelia St., finished in second place, her grand total being 67,613 votes. Her contribution of votes on the last day totaled 27,341.

Miss Linda L. Prouse, 914 Ninth St., who led the field Friday noon, was forced to be satisfied with third position in the standings when all the votes had been counted. Miss Prouse's total was boosted to 63,505 when her friends cast 21,803 votes in her favor Saturday.

Miss Muriel Pender, 1119 Pierce St., finished in fourth place with a total of 30,011, and miss Dorothy Levine, 1121 Eleventh St., finished in fifth place with 26,933 votes.

Although contest officials did not have time Saturday night to total all of the votes cast in the contest, they estimated that the total vote during the three weeks of balloting was close to three-quarters of a million. A flood of ballots poured in on the checkers Saturday morning, making it necessary for a corps of 10 persons to take part in the counting. The total number of votes received Saturday morning was estimated at between 350,000 and 400,000.

Miss Nordyke, who now will be known as Miss Sioux City, will be given a free trip to the national bathing beauty contest and pageant at Atlantic City, N.J. She will represent Sioux City and will compete with 76 other representative young women from as many other cities of the United States in the contest for the selection of Miss America.

75 years ago: 1950

Ex-Sioux Cityans Have Roles in New Picture: Two former Sioux Cityans have bit parts in the Phoenix-filmed Robert Stillman production, "The Sound of Fury."

Appearing in the movie are Earl ("Don") Fear and his 2 1/2-year-old daughter, Lorna. Mr. Fear, the son of Mrs. Hazel A. Fear, 4319 Springfield St., moved from Sioux City to Goodyear, Ariz., last February. He is a civilian mechanic at the Goodyear naval base.

140-Lb. Hog On the Loose: This little piggy went to market in Sioux City Tuesday evening, but he got there after the stores were closed. So he didn't get to make a hog of himself on all the fat bargains the merchants have been offering. Scooting uncertainly along Fourth Street, he ran afoul of the long arm of the law. Patrolman Richard Burke spotted him and called for Patrolmen Fay Golden and Max Mills to "arrest" the animal. When they arrived, Patrolman Charles Capron already had the 140-pound porker cornered at the J.C. Penney store. The officers took the pig to the Sioux City Humane Society's animal shelter to wait for its owner.

50 years ago: 1975

Mayor's Campaign Already Costs Him: Oops! Sioux City Mayor George Cole has a bill to settle with the city treasurer after he advertently had a two-page press release announcing his candidacy for re-election to the city council printed on city stationery by city personnel.

Such use of government property is prohibited by Iowa law.

"I walked into this innocently," Cole said. "I already have asked for and received from the city manager a bill and I am sending a check to the city treasurer for the cost of the release."

The bill amounted to $7.69.

The release was circulated to the news media Thursday.

25 years ago: 2000

Winnebago School Breaks Ground: Construction is scheduled to begin after Labor Day on a $3.3 million addition to the Winnebago, Neb., school that will add 16 elementary classrooms to the building.

School officials, members of the Native American community and pupils attended a Cedar Ceremony Tuesday afternoon to celebrate groundbreaking for the addition.

"This is an exciting event," Superintendent Virgil Likness said. "We will build 16 classrooms for kindergarten through fourth grade and hope to have this completed in 14 months. The Cedar Ceremony is a Native American ritual that is performed when you have any kind of special event and they bless the occasion."

The addition will be two stories in height and represents the first phase of a three-phase construction plan at the Winnebago school. Likness said the second phase calls for renovating the kitchen and cafeteria while the third phase calls for building a new gymnasium. The district also plans to expand an alternative education program. Total cost of the project is $7.5 million.

0 Comments Love 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Sad 0 Angry 0

Be the first to know

Get local news delivered to your inbox!

Sign up! * I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Mason Dockter

Assistant News Editor

Author facebook Author twitter Author email Follow Mason Dockter Close Get email notifications on {{subject}} daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification.

{{description}}

Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.

Save Manage followed notifications Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today


7. 'Shame on you': GOP lawmaker labeled 'traitor' after unconstitutional Trump demand

David joined Raw Story in 2023 after nearly a decade of writing about the legal industry for Bloomberg Law. He is also a co-founder and a commissioning editor at Hypatia Press, a publisher that specializes in philosophical works that challenge religion or spirituality.

A scandal-plagued Republican lawmaker got pushback from conservatives and liberals alike after he called for President Donald Trump to receive a third term, as well as a Nobel Peace Prize.

Rep. Andy Ogles, who has been reportedly put under scrutiny for financial scandals in the past, said Saturday on X, "Give Trump a third term, give him a Peace Prize, and let him run D.C. as long as he wants."

The pushback was almost instant.

Joe Walsh, a former Tea Party Republican lawmaker who recently switched parties, replied with, "225 days ago, you raised your right hand and swore to support & defend the Constitution of the United States. Shame on you."

Republicans against Trump asked Elon Musk's AI chatbot, Grok, "What's wrong with this tweet?" The program provided the following answer:

"The tweet proposes unconstitutional actions: a third term violates the 22nd Amendment's two-term limit (Trump is serving his second). The Nobel Peace Prize is awarded by the Norwegian Committee, not 'given' by the US. Allowing indefinite rule undermines democracy and the Constitution."

Former youth pastor John Pavlovitz said, "Nah."

"Give him a polygraph test about r----- girls," the liberal author added.

Brian Mistrot, a self-described politically homeless conservative, chimed in:

"The Constitution limits a POTUS to 2 terms, which this numb-nuts knows. But s------- on the Constitution allows him to keep making $200k/year off taxpayers and stay in power."


8. Economists expect tariffs lifted food prices, core inflation in July

OTTAWA -- Tariff impacts are expected to keep underlying inflation elevated in July, a Desjardins economist says, even if the headline figure retreats.

Statistics Canada is set to report inflation figures for July on Tuesday. A poll of economists expects annual inflation cooled last month to 1.7 per cent, according to LSEG Data & Analytics.

June's consumer price index showed the annual rate of inflation ticked up to 1.9 per cent.

Randall Bartlett, deputy chief economist at Desjardins, said he expects the headline inflation figure slowed beyond expectations to 1.6 per cent in July as lower energy costs continue to take steam out of price pressures.

"We're kind of expecting it to be a bit softer than what we saw back in June. So, from a headline perspective anyway, that's overall pretty positive news for Canadians," he said in an interview.

RBC is above the economists' consensus, expecting July's annual inflation reading will match the 1.9 per cent seen in June.

Economists Nathan Janzen and Claire Fan wrote in a note to clients Friday that the removal of the consumer carbon price at the start of April "continues to artificially lower headline inflation."

But they warned that price pressures below the surface should remain stubborn in July.

"Underlying trends have surprised upward this year, partly due to tariff impacts on products like food and vehicles, but also from higher prices for domestic services," Janzen and Fan wrote.

The Bank of Canada's preferred metrics of core inflation floated a bit above three per cent in June, according to Statistics Canada.

Bartlett said Desjardins foresees these metrics holding between 2.5 per cent and three per cent for the rest of the year as Canada's tariff dispute with the United States drives up prices.

He said he'll be looking to see whether more businesses were passing costs from tariffs onto consumers in July.

Consumer price index data from the United States this past week appeared to show a tariff impact in the form of higher prices for shoes and furniture.

While he believes the bulk of tariff price impacts were passed through in April and May, Bartlett said Canada will continue to feel the pinch from border levies on food and durable goods.

"That's going to put persistent upward pressure on price growth in Canada," he said.

The Bank of Canada held its benchmark interest rate steady at 2.75 per cent on July 30 as it waits for more information on how the Canada-U.S. trade dispute is affecting the economy.

The summary of deliberations from that decision released this past week show the central bank's governing council remains wary of the effect of tariffs on inflation.

Members indicated in those minutes that the impact on consumer prices "appeared to be modest so far," but the tariff influence is only just starting to show up in the data.

While businesses' inflation expectations remain well-anchored according to recent surveys, the governing council said the costs of finding new suppliers amid shifting global trade could still push prices higher.

"Overall, members agreed that it was still too early to assess how tariffs and the rewiring of trade would affect economic activity and inflation in Canada," the summary read.

Bartlett said he expects economic data will open the door to a quarter-point interest rate cut at the Bank of Canada's next decision on Sept. 17.

But that's contingent on core inflation readings getting back under control in the upcoming CPI releases for July and August.

"If we see that there's less passthrough from tariffs into inflation than we're expecting ... we think there there's an opportunity for the Bank of Canada to cut further," he said.


9. FPIs dump Indian equities worth Rs 21,000 cr in first half of Aug - OrissaPOST

New Delhi: Foreign investors offloaded Indian equities worth nearly Rs 21,000 crore in the first half of August, pressured by US-India trade tensions, lacklustre first-quarter corporate earnings, and a weakening rupee.

With this, the total outflow by Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) in equities reached the Rs 1.16 lakh crore mark so far in 2025, according to data with the depositories.

The FPI activity will be influenced by the action on the tariff front ahead.

The recent easing of tensions between the US and Russia, coupled with the absence of fresh sanctions, suggests that the proposed 25 per cent secondary tariff on India is unlikely to take effect after August 27, a clear positive for the market, Vaqarjaved Khan, CFA - Senior Fundamental Analyst, Angel One, said.

Also, S&P has upgraded India's credit rating from BBB- to BBB, a move that could further boost FPIs' sentiment, he added.

According to the depositories data, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) withdrew a net sum of Rs 20,975 crore from equities this month (till August 14).

This came after a net withdrawal of Rs 17,741 crore in July. Before that, FPIs invested Rs 38,673 crore in the preceding three months from March to June.

"The sustained outflows are being driven primarily by a confluence of global uncertainties. Heightened geopolitical tensions and ambiguity surrounding the interest rate trajectory in developed economies, particularly the United States, have contributed to a risk-averse sentiment," Himanshu Srivastava, Associate Director - Manager Research, Morningstar Investment Research India, said.

Adding to this caution is the recent strengthening of the US dollar, which tends to reduce the relative attractiveness of emerging market assets like India's, he noted.

Additionally, tepid earnings growth and elevated valuations have contributed to the outflow, VK Vijayakumar, Chief Investment Strategist, Geojit Investments, said.

On the sectoral front, sustained selling in IT stocks has pulled the IT index down. However, banking and financials continue to be relatively resilient due to fair valuations and institutional buying.

On the other hand, FPIs invested Rs 4,469 crore in the debt general limit, and pumped Rs 232 crore into the debt voluntary retention route during the period under review.


10. Officials put nearly $700 million into huge 'money pot' for homeowners to make crucial upgrades: 'We're not talking chicken feed here'

Good news for Texans trying to keep their homes cool in the blazing summer sun: The Lone Star State has $700 million in electric appliance rebates available for residents looking to cut down on energy expenses.

The Dallas Morning News called it a "money pot" and said the amount you can cash in on can make a big difference, saying, "We're not talking chicken feed here."

The Home Electrification and Appliances Rebate Program, or HEAR, is a federal program under the Inflation Reduction Act dedicated to helping homeowners save money with the addition of energy-efficient appliances. However, there are a few limitations that homeowners should know about first.

Residents can use the rebates for Energy Star-certified appliances such as heat pumps for space heating and cooling, energy-efficient stoves and cooktops, and insulation. Each household could qualify for up to $14,000 in total rebates, per The Dallas Morning News.

Low- and middle-income families will likely benefit the most from the rebate program. The newspaper reported that single families earning less than the national median household income of $78,171 could have the majority of their costs covered. Those who have a higher income and renters may still be eligible as well.

According to the Natural Resources Defense Council, the average home in the United States spends approximately $2,000 each year on electric bills. The addition of energy-efficient appliances could save residents hundreds of dollars a year.

Induction stoves are a better option because they save time on cooking and cleaning while also keeping asthma-causing gases out of the home. With the rebate program, homeowners can get up to $840 off an induction stove.

Eligible residents can also save up to $8,000 on a heat pump with the HEAR program. Heat pumps are also great energy-saving investments for homeowners. The devices help keep your home cool without using a ton of energy to change the temperature -- a perfect solution for the Texas summer heat.


💰 FINANCIAL SECTOR UPDATES
----------------------------------------

1. [Finlight] Bolivians head to the polls in elections marked by economic crisis

One of your browser extensions seems to be blocking the video player from loading. To watch this content, you may need to disable it on this site.

Try again


2. [Finlight] Protesters go on strike in Israel demanding ceasefire

Protestors in Israel demanding their government make a deal to secure the release of hostages held by militants in Gaza escalated their campaign on Sunday, (August 16) staging a strike. Meanwhile, Israel said it is preparing to move Palestinians from combat zones to southern Gaza. FRANCE 24's Noga Tarnopolsky tells us more. "It may be part of a psychological warfare operation to try and persuade Gazans to leave their homes or whatever spaces they were in, in central Gaza", she said.

Video by: Noga TARNOPOLSKY


3. [Finlight] FPI selloff: Rs 21,000 crore offloaded from Indian markets in August first half; Analysts cite US tariffs, Q1 earnings and rupee depreciation

Foreign portfolio investors offloaded Indian equity holdings by approximately Rs 21,000 crore in early August 2025, driven by US-India trade disputes, muted Q1 corporate results, and rupee depreciation.The total FPI equity outflows reached Rs 1.16 lakh crore in 2025, as per depository records. Meanwhile, depository data also show that FPIs withdrew Rs 20,975 crore from equities through August 14. This follows July's Rs 17,741 crore withdrawal, which contrasts with the Rs 38,673 crore investment during March to June.The reduced US-Russia tensions and absence of new sanctions indicate that the proposed 25 per cent secondary tariff on India might not be implemented after August 27, benefiting markets, according to Vaqarjaved Khan, CFA - Senior Fundamental Analyst, Angel One, as quoted by PTI.S&P's upgrade of India's credit rating from BBB- to BBB could positively influence FPI outlook, he further noted."The sustained outflows are being driven primarily by a confluence of global uncertainties. Heightened geopolitical tensions and ambiguity surrounding the interest rate trajectory in developed economies, particularly the United States, have contributed to a risk-averse sentiment," stated Himanshu Srivastava, Associate Director - Manager Research, Morningstar Investment Research India.The strengthening US dollar has reduced emerging market investments' appeal, including India's, he explained.VK Vijayakumar, Chief Investment Strategist, Geojit Investments, attributed the outflows to modest earnings growth and high valuations.Continuous selling affected IT sector performance, while banking and financial sectors remained stable due to reasonable valuations and institutional investment.Conversely, FPIs invested Rs 4,469 crore in debt general limits and Rs 232 crore through the voluntary retention route during this period.


4. [Finlight] Tesla Offers $33/Hour Robotaxi Jobs, BYD Sets India Record, Chinese EV CEO Pushes Rivals, Ford Unveils TSLA-Like Platform — Weekly Mobility Recap

The past week in the electric vehicle (EV) industry was nothing short of electrifying. From Tesla’s Chinese rival Xiaomi experiencing overwhelming demand to Ford Motor Co (NYSE:F) unveiling its universal EV platform, the industry was abuzz with developments. Here’s a quick recap of the top stories.
Xiaomi’s EV Success
Known for its smartphones and often dubbed the “Apple of China,” Xiaomi is making waves in the EV market. The demand for the company’s YU7 model is so high that the CEO is suggesting consumers consider other EV brands if they want to get their hands on a vehicle soon.
Read the full article here.

Ford’s Universal EV Platform
Ford Motor Company has revealed a Universal EV Platform for a midsize electric truck. The platform emphasizes simpler construction, streamlined manufacturing, and a structural battery for increased efficiency. Goldman Sachs analyst Mark Delaney maintained a Neutral rating on Ford, with a price forecast of $11.
Read the full article here.
BYD’s Sales Record In India
Chinese EV manufacturer BYD Co. Ltd. has set a new sales record in India, even as Tesla Inc. expands in the country. BYD’s local franchise partner reported a shift in customer behavior, with most considering BYD as their primary vehicle.
Read the full article here.
Uber’s EV Incentive Program
Ride-hailing giant Uber Technologies Inc (NYSE:UBER) has partnered with the Colorado Department of Public Health & Environment to roll out a new EV incentive program. The program offers savings of up to $21,500 for EV drivers in Colorado.
Read the full article here.
Tesla’s Robotaxi Test Drivers
Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) is offering up to $33 per hour for NYC test operators of its Robotaxi. The move comes amid CEO Elon Musk‘s ambitious plans for the robotaxi sector.
Read the full article here.


Sea Stock Jumps As E-Commerce, Fintech, Gaming All Deliver Double-Digit Growth


This story was generated using Benzinga Neuro and edited by Ananya Gairola


5. [Finlight] ‘Stunning survival story’: Police rescue California man trapped behind waterfall for two days

A California man who recently became trapped behind a waterfall for two days while climbing was dramatically rescued by police utilizing a helicopter.

Ryan Wardwell, 46, of Long Beach, went to waterfalls known as the Seven Teacups on 10 August with plans to rappel down, the sheriff’s office of Tulare country said in a social media post. But the “extreme hydraulics” of the waterfalls pushed Wardwell off his rappelling lines and trapped him behind a cascade of the Kern river, according to the sheriff’s office.

His failure to return to his car that night prompted local law enforcement to spend 11 August searching for him with infrared technology and aircraft. Difficult terrain and fading daylight thwarted their efforts that day. But rescuers found Wardwell the next day after flying a drone behind the cascade in question.

Wardwell was alive and conscious when rescuers spotted him, and he told them how he had become stranded there, the Tulare county sheriff’s office said. A California highway patrol helicopter crew then managed to hoist him to safety to cap off what the sheriff’s office declared a “stunning survival story”.

Wardwell received treatment for dehydration and “only minor injuries”, and he was reunited with family who had gone to the scene, the sheriff’s office said.

The agency published video of Wardwell’s rescue on Facebook, where it captured attention from news media outlets that reported on the situation. The clip showed the helicopter whipping around foliage and water around the cascade before the crew lifted Wardwell onboard.

An attraction for hiking and outdoors adventure enthusiasts, the Seven Teacups are in a secluded area about two hours south of the Sequoia national park, which itself is east of Visalia, California.

Wardwell had rappelled the falls several times before, the San Francisco Chronicle reported. On his 10 August trip there, friends had accompanied him, though they opted to stop going further after seeing the rushing water’s power, California highway patrol flight officer paramedic Mike Crane said to the Chronicle.

According to the outlet, Wardwell’s friends left a note on his car telling passersby to report him missing if the vehicle was still there the next day, which it was.

Wardwell ended up nestling himself in a dark cave beneath the waterfall – completely soaked – after being thrusted off his rappel lines, the Chronicle added.

Tulare county sheriff’s office captain Kevin Kemmerling told the Chronicle that Wardwell fought to escape for two days, “but there was nothing he could do to break through”.

“There was no way for him to warm up or dry out in there, so it had to have been miserable,” Kemmerling said to the newspaper.

Crane, speaking to the Chronicle, added: “I got the impression that maybe he didn’t know if he was ever going to get out of there.”

The Tulare sheriff’s office said in its statement that it reminded members of the public “to always be aware of their environment and capabilities, especially when navigating white water rivers” like the one at the Seven Teacups.

“Stay safe, stay smart and stay alive,” the statement from the sheriff’s office said.


6. [Finlight] As some colleges near the $100,000 mark, these nine schools have free tuition

watch now

Berea College in Berea, Kentucky. Source: Berea College | Wikipedia CC

For over 150 years, this small school in Berea, Kentucky has strived to reach first-generation and low-income students who otherwise could not afford to pay for college, according to the school. But it doesn't stop there: Berea gives every student a laptop and funds to cover internship opportunities and even professional clothing for job interviews. College of the Ozarks

Students walk on the campus of the College of the Ozarks in Point Lookout, Mo. Cliff Schiappa | AP

Dubbed "Hard Work U," College of the Ozarks is a coed Christian school in rural Missouri geared toward serving students in the Ozark region. In return for a full scholarship, undergraduates must work 15 hours a week, plus two 40-hour weeks during the academic year as part of the school's work program. Deep Springs College

Deep Springs College students vote on issues of governance during student meeting, the meeting which decide everything from when to harvest to whom the college should hire to teach often last until late into the evening. Spencer Weiner | Los Angeles Times | Getty Images

Only 12 to 15 students are admitted each year to this all-male liberal arts college in California's remote High Desert, according to the school. However, every student is awarded a scholarship that covers tuition and room and board. Since Deep Springs is a two-year school with no majors, many graduates go on to transfer to four-year programs to complete a Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of Science degree. U.S. Air Force Academy

Fighter jet on grounds of the United States Air Force Academy, Colorado Springs, Colorado. Education Images | Universal Images Group | Getty Images

In addition to free tuition and room and board, students receive a stipend to cover all other costs at this academy near Colorado Springs, Colorado. In exchange, the academic and physical demands are rigorous, according to The Princeton Review, with classes from 7:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. followed by fitness training multiple times a week. After four years, graduates are commissioned as second lieutenants in the Air Force or U.S. Space Force and commit to several years of active duty. U.S. Coast Guard Academy

Newly commissioned officers toss their hats during the US Coast Guard Academy's 144th Commencement in New London, Connecticut, on May 21, 2025. Joseph Prezioso | Afp | Getty Images

This New London, Connecticut-based academy is also highly selective and demanding, according to The Princeton Review. The extremely structured four-year program, which is fully paid for by the government, offers 10 academic majors, including civil engineering and marine science. After completing their schooling, students commit to five years of service, although many opt to stay in the Coast Guard for much longer, the academy says. U.S. Merchant Marine Academy

United States Merchant Marine Academy Yana Paskova/For The Washington Post via Getty Images

Tuition, room and board, uniforms and books are similarly covered at this service academy in Kings Point, New York. As part of the four-year program, cadets gain hands-on experience working aboard commercial and military vessels around the world. Once they graduate, midshipmen can enter any branch of the armed forces as an officer. The service obligation varies depending on what type of job they choose. U.S. Military Academy – West Point

Closeup view of iconic United States Military Academy at West Point, seen from the Hudson River. Brian Logan | Istock | Getty Images

Every cadet at this prestigious institution in West Point, New York receives free tuition and a scholarship that covers room and board, in addition to a stipend for uniforms, books, supplies and all other expenses. Armed with a BS degree, West Point graduates then serve at least five years of active duty and three years in the reserves and are "ready for a lifetime of service to the Army and nation," according to the academy. U.S. Naval Academy

Mahan Hall displays banners for the War of 1812 exhibit at the United States Naval Academy in Annaplois. Loop Images | UIG | Getty Images

All students on campus, known as "the Yard," in Annapolis, Maryland, receive a full scholarship that covers tuition, room and board and other costs, in return for at least five years of active duty after graduation, followed by the reserves. After their rigorous training, many midshipmen go on to have prominent careers within and outside the military, according to The Princeton Review. Webb Institute

Webb Institute Source: Webb Institute

Founded by the shipbuilder William Webb, this small, private college in Glen Cove, New York specializes in naval architecture and marine engineering. Every student receives a full scholarship to cover tuition and, along with little to no debt, they benefit from a 100% job placement rate upon graduation, according to the school.


7. [Finlight] Pakistan floods: More than 200 missing in one district, official says

More than 200 missing in flood-hit district in Pakistan, official says

Rescue teams have buried eight unidentified bodies as there were no family members found alive to claim them, said Jehangir Khan, spokesman for the deputy commissioner office of Buner.

A local official in the worst-affected Buner district told the BBC that at least 209 people were still missing there, but it is feared that number could rise.

Flash floods have killed more than 300 people in Pakistan and Pakistan-administered Kashmir in recent days, with most of the deaths recorded in the mountainous Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province.

More than 200 people remain missing in one district of north-west Pakistan as a result of devastating monsoon flooding and landslides, an official has said.

Some relatives are also unable to claim their relatives bodies' as roads are severely damaged, he added.

A provincial rescue spokesman told news agency AFP that "10 to 12 entire villages" were partially buried.

Asfandyar Khattak, head of the provincial disaster management authority, said "dozens" of people were missing in Shangla district.

Monsoon rains between June and September deliver about three-quarters of South Asia's annual rainfall.

While landslides and flash floods are common as a result, scientists say that climate change is making these weather events more intense and more frequent.

Torrential rain has also hit Indian-administered Kashmir, days after at least 60 people were killed there by flash floods.

Nine were killed in Pakistan-administered Kashmir this week, while another five died in the northern Gilgit-Baltistan region, authorities said.

Government forecasters say heavy rainfall is expected until 21 August in the north-west, where several areas have been declared disaster zones.

Pakistan has been reckoning with the devastation of this year's monsoon season since June. At least 650 people have been killed so far this year.

In July, Punjab, home to nearly half of Pakistan's 255 million people, recorded 73% more rainfall than the prior year and more deaths than in the entire previous monsoon season.

Northern Pakistan is also one of the most glaciated areas in the region, but these are rapidly thinning and retreating because of climate change - meaning rocks, soil, and other debris can be dislodged.

Monsoon rains can further destabilise mountain faces, exacerbating landslides that sometimes block rivers.

While the exact cause of the recent floods and landslides are yet to be determined, glaciologists say that ice melt is a contributing factor.


8. [Finlight] Top 10 firms’ m-cap: 5 of top-10 companies add Rs 60,676 crore in value, SBI and HDFC Bank lead gains

During a holiday-shortened week, five of the top ten most valued companies experienced a surge in market capitalization, totaling Rs 60,675.94 crore, driven by positive market sentiment. SBI and HDFC Bank emerged as the frontrunners, while Reliance Industries maintained its position as the most valued firm. Conversely, LIC and Bajaj Finance witnessed a decline in their valuations.


9. [Finlight] Southern African leaders meet in Madagascar for SADC summit

Leaders of Southern African states are gathering in Madagascar this Sunday (August 17) and Monday for a regional summit of the Southern African Development Community. The region's mining industry is the main topic on the agenda of this 45th summit.They're also due to discuss the ongoing crisis in Eastern Democratic Republic of Congo. FRANCE 24’s Gaelle Borgia tells us more.


10. [Finlight] Air Canada says it is restarting flights Sunday

Air Canada says it plans to resume flights on Sunday after the Canadian government intervened and forced the airline and its striking flight attendants back to work and into arbitration

People wait outside of Air Canada check in at the Vancouver International Airport in Richmond, B.C., Canada, on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025. (Ethan Cairns/The Canadian Press via AP)

People wait outside of Air Canada check in at the Vancouver International Airport in Richmond, B.C., Canada, on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025. (Ethan Cairns/The Canadian Press via AP)

People wait outside of Air Canada check in at the Vancouver International Airport in Richmond, B.C., Canada, on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025. (Ethan Cairns/The Canadian Press via AP)

People wait outside of Air Canada check in at the Vancouver International Airport in Richmond, B.C., Canada, on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025. (Ethan Cairns/The Canadian Press via AP)

TORONTO -- TORONTO (AP) — Air Canada said it plans to resume flights on Sunday after the Canadian government intervened and forced the airline and its striking flight attendants back to work and into arbitration.

The strike stranded more than 100,000 travelers around the world during the peak summer travel season.

The country's largest airline said in a release that the first flights will resume Sunday evening but that it will take several days before its operations return to normal. It said some flights will be canceled over the next seven to 10 days until the schedule is stabilized.

Less than 12 hours after workers walked off the job, Federal Jobs Minister Patty Hajdu ordered the 10,000 flight attendants back to work, saying now is not the time to take risks with the economy and noting the unprecedented tariffs the U.S. has imposed on Canada. Hajdu referred the work stoppage to the Canada Industrial Relations Board.

The airline said Sunday the Canada Industrial Relations Board has extended the term of the existing collective agreement until a new one is determined by the arbitrator.

The shutdown of Canada’s largest airline early Saturday was impacting about 130,000 people a day. Air Canada operates around 700 flights per day.

According to numbers from aviation analytics provider Cirium, Air Canada had canceled a total of 671 flights by Saturday afternoon — following 199 on Friday. And another 96 flights scheduled for Sunday were already suspended.

The bitter contract fight escalated Friday as the union turned down Air Canada’s prior request to enter into government-directed arbitration, which allows a third-party mediator to decide the terms of a new contract.

Flight attendants walked off the job around 1 a.m. EDT on Saturday. Around the same time, Air Canada said it would begin locking flight attendants out of airports.

Last year, the government forced the country’s two major railroads into arbitration with their labor union during a work stoppage. The union for the rail workers is suing, arguing the government is removing a union’s leverage in negotiations.

The Business Council of Canada had urged the government to impose binding arbitration in this case, too. And the Canadian Chamber of Commerce welcomed the intervention.

Hajdu maintained that her Liberal government is not anti-union, saying it is clear the two sides are at an impasse.

Passengers whose flights are impacted will be eligible to request a full refund on the airline’s website or mobile app, according to Air Canada.

The airline said it would also offer alternative travel options through other Canadian and foreign airlines when possible. Still, it warned that it could not guarantee immediate rebooking because flights on other airlines are already full “due to the summer travel peak.”

Air Canada and the Canadian Union of Public Employees have been in contract talks for about eight months, but they have yet to reach a tentative deal.

Both sides have said they remain far apart on the issue of pay and the unpaid work flight attendants do when planes aren’t in the air.

The airline’s latest offer included a 38% increase in total compensation, including benefits and pensions, over four years, that it said “would have made our flight attendants the best compensated in Canada.”

But the union pushed back, saying the proposed 8% raise in the first year didn’t go far enough because of inflation.


💻 TECHNOLOGY HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

1. Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems - SiliconANGLE

Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems

Two of the largest enterprise infrastructure vendors announced product line expansions designed to give customers more options for deploying artificial intelligence workloads at scale. New offerings from Dell Technologies Inc. and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. include systems and software updates that incorporate Nvidia Corp.'s latest graphics processing unit technology and AI software, alongside tools from other partners, to help organizations move from AI experimentation to production.

Dell said it's updating its AI Data Platform with new components aimed at improving unstructured data ingestion, transformation, retrieval and compute performance. The platform is designed to handle the full AI workload lifecycle, from data ingestion to agentic inference to knowledge retrieval.

A new unstructured data engine developed in collaboration with Elasticsearch BV provides real-time, secure access to large-scale unstructured datasets, supporting advanced vector search, semantic retrieval and hybrid keyword search. The engine integrates GPU acceleration and Nvidia NeMo Retriever microservices for use in retrieval-augmented generation applications.

The Dell AI Data Platform also integrates a federated SQL engine from Starburst Data Inc. for querying multiple data sources without moving the data, and an Apache Spark-based data processing engine for batch and real-time analytics. They sit alongside Dell's PowerScale and ObjectScale storage systems, which support structured, semi-structured and unstructured data.

On the hardware side, Dell introduced PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers equipped with Nvidia RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell Server Edition GPUs, which are data center-class graphics and compute processors built on Nvidia's Blackwell architecture and designed for AI inference, visual computing, engineering simulation and virtual workstation workloads. Dell said the new GPUs can deliver up to six times the token throughput for large language model inference compared to its previous generation, along with higher engineering simulation performance and support for more concurrent users.

The R7725 will be the first 2U server to integrate the Nvidia AI Data Platform reference design, a validated blueprint for building GPU-accelerated infrastructure. Dell said the pairing yields a turnkey system for fast inferencing, semantic search and large AI workloads.

HPE said it's expanding its line of AI-optimized systems with new configurations that also use Nvidia's Blackwell architecture GPUs, as well as the latest Nvidia AI models. The company said these updates are intended to support both agentic AI -- or systems that complete tasks autonomously or with little supervision tasks - and physical AI, which involves AI control of robotics and other hardware systems.

HPE is also adding new options to its Cray XD670 and XD675 servers that allow them to be configured with Nvidia GB200 NVL72 systems for large-scale AI training, or with RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell GPUs for inference and smaller-scale workloads. HPE said both are pre-integrated with Nvidia's AI Enterprise software suite, including the NeMo framework and pretrained models such as Nvidia Nemotron for agentic AI and Cosmos for physical AI applications.

The company is also updating its GreenLake for AI offering to support the new systems. GreenLake is a consumption-based model for deploying AI infrastructure, allowing organizations to scale GPU resources as needed while keeping workloads on-premises or in colocation facilities. HPE said its Private Cloud AI will support the latest versions of the Nemotron and Cosmos models, as well as the latest Nvidia Blueprint for Video Search and Summarization.

Both companies' announcements center on integrating Nvidia's Blackwell-generation GPUs and related AI software into systems aimed at enterprises. Dell's focus is on connecting AI models to high-quality enterprise data, especially unstructured data, while HPE is emphasizing large-scale training and deployment of both agentic and physical AI models.

The announcements are part of a broader trend by infrastructure vendors to provide turnkey AI infrastructure that combines hardware, storage, networking and AI frameworks in pre-tested configurations.

Dell said its updated AI Data Platform with the unstructured data engine will be available later this year, alongside the PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers with RTX PRO 6000 GPUs. HPE said its updated Cray XD systems and GreenLake AI configurations will also be available in the coming months.


2. China's Tech Boom Attracts Foreign Investment Surge

The rhythmic hum of robotic arms in Suzhou factories and the digital pulse of Shanghai's AI labs tell an economic success story decades in the making. China has surpassed its ambitious five-year foreign direct investment (FDI) target of $700 billion ahead of schedule, with utilized FDI hitting $708.73 billion by mid-2024 -- a powerful rebuttal to narratives of foreign capital flight. This milestone, achieved amid global protectionist headwinds, underscores China's transformation into a high-tech investment magnet where innovation outpaces politics.

Despite geopolitical turbulence and supply chain realignments, China's patient cultivation of foreign enterprise is yielding historic dividends. Ministry of Commerce data reveals foreign firms now drive one-third of China's foreign trade, contribute 25% of industrial value-added output, and account for 1 in 7 tax dollars. Critically, they've generated over 30 million jobs since 2019 -- equivalent to the population of Malaysia. The 14th Five-Year Plan's $700 billion FDI target, once viewed as ambitious, was eclipsed six months early. In H1 2024 alone, 30,014 new foreign-invested firms registered across China -- an 11.7% YoY surge. While overall utilized FDI dipped 15.2% to $58.9 billion due to 2023's record-high baseline, the structural shift toward high-value sectors signals enduring confidence. As Franz Decker, BMW Brilliance Automotive CEO, asserted during the opening of their Nanjing R&D hub: "China demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation."

China's innovation pivot is rewriting FDI playbooks. Foreign capital flowing into high-tech industries leaped from 28.3% of total FDI in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023 -- a trajectory accelerating in 2024. E-commerce services saw explosive 130% YoY FDI growth in H1, while AI, biotech, and advanced manufacturing drew multinationals seeking China's "new quality productive forces." The Third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in June became a showcase for this transformation, featuring BMW's new Nanjing facility -- its largest Asian IT R&D center -- designed to leverage China's "rapidly evolving tech landscape." Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang, attending CISCE, observed: "China's supply chain is a miracle -- the world's largest and most complex, built on deep technology, AI and software. Technology adoption here is so fast, it sets global trends." This tech-led FDI boom reflects China's 9% average FDI return rate -- among the world's highest -- and validates Beijing's 2024 Action Plan stabilizing foreign investment through streamlined approvals and market access.

The H1 2024 FDI dip requires contextual understanding. OECD data shows global FDI fell 7% in 2023, with developing Asia experiencing steeper declines. China's contraction aligns with this trend while masking sectoral dynamism. Crucially, reinvested earnings by existing foreign enterprises -- a key FDI metric -- remain robust as firms like BASF and Tesla expand Chinese facilities. The State Council's 24-point guidelines for foreign investors, emphasizing intellectual property protection and equal procurement access, further anchor confidence. As the Ministry of Commerce emphasized in its June policy briefing: "Quality supersedes quantity -- we welcome capital aligned with high-end manufacturing and digital transformation."

China's $708 billion FDI milestone proves its economic resilience isn't cyclical but structural -- built on world-class infrastructure, deep talent pools, and unwavering commitment to innovation-led growth. For global investors, the calculus remains clear: overlooking China's high-tech transformation means missing the defining economic opportunity of our decade. Explore partnership opportunities through China's International Investment Promotion Agency to position your enterprise at the convergence of technology and growth.

China's 14th Five-Year Plan targeted $700 billion in cumulative foreign direct investment between 2021-2025. Ministry of Commerce data confirms this goal was surpassed six months early, reaching $708.73 billion by June 2024.

High-tech industries now dominate China FDI flows, rising from 28.3% of total investment in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023. E-commerce, AI, and advanced manufacturing led growth, with e-commerce FDI surging nearly 130% YoY in H1 2024.

BMW CEO Franz Decker cited China's "remarkable vitality in digital innovation ecosystems" when launching their Nanjing R&D center. Proximity to tech talent, rapid commercialization, and supportive industrial policies make China indispensable for global innovation.

Officials attribute H1 2024's 15.2% FDI dip to 2023's unusually high baseline and global trends. The 2024 "Stabilizing Foreign Investment" Action Plan counters concerns through market access easing and IP protections.

At approximately 9%, China's FDI return rate outperforms most major economies, according to World Bank investment viability analyses. This sustains appeal despite geopolitical uncertainties.

Data contradicts this narrative. Beyond record cumulative FDI, 30,014 new foreign firms registered in H1 2024 -- an 11.7% YoY increase -- with expansions by firms like Nvidia and BASF confirming long-term commitment.


3. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


4. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


5. Economic Watch: China's AI Tech Boosts Global Trade Efficiency, Facilitates Supply Chain

Beijing: To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q and A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing. "Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

According to Namibia Press Agency, during discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade. Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model. "The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes. At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms. The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images, and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for the overseas market. Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba. As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in the global trade landscape. At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent, and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world." China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi, and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce. Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


6. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

A visitor tries a pair of glasses at the booth of TCL in the Digital Technology Chain area of the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China, July 19, 2025. [Photo/Xinhua]

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30% The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95%, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

Open Source

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40% compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10% of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9% year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


7. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

This photo taken on July 17, 2025 shows robots at the booth of Nvidia during the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China. (Xinhua/Ding Hongfa)

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


8. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


9. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


10. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


🎯 MARKET SYNTHESIS
----------------------------------------
Total stories analyzed: 89
Overall news sentiment: Positive (0.12)

Data Sources:
  • Financial Modeling Prep (FMP) - Market data & calendar
  • NewsAPI.ai - World, USA, and tech news
  • Finlight - Financial market news

================================================================================
END OF BRIEFING