PREMIUM MORNING MARKET BRIEFING
Generated: August 17, 2025 at 11:55 AM ET
================================================================================

📅 ECONOMIC CALENDAR
----------------------------------------
No major economic events scheduled for today.

📊 PREMARKET OVERVIEW
----------------------------------------
Index Futures: Markets closed - Weekend

Cryptocurrency (24hr):
  • BTC: $118,298.39 (+0.72%)
  • ETH: $4,563.90 (+3.14%)
  • BNB: $860.46 (+2.53%)

🌍 WORLD NEWS DIGEST
----------------------------------------

1. INVESTOR ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Investigates Claims on Behalf of Investors of Encompass Health Corporation - EHC - Encompass Health (NYSE:EHC)

NEW YORK, Aug. 17, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Pomerantz LLP is investigating claims on behalf of investors of Encompass Health Corporation ("Encompass" or the "Company") EHC. Such investors are advised to contact Danielle Peyton at newaction@pomlaw.com or 646-581-9980, ext. 7980.

The investigation concerns whether Encompass and certain of its officers and/or directors have engaged in securities fraud or other unlawful business practices.

[Click here for information about joining the class action]

On July 15, 2025, citing federal data and inspection reports, The New York Times published an article alleging that for-profit hospitals run by Encompass perform below average on key safety measures. The article reported that "Encompass owns many of the rehabs with worse rates of potentially preventable, unplanned readmissions to general hospitals" including 34 facilities which "Medicare rated as having statistically significantly worse rates of potentially preventable readmissions." The article further described a number of "alarming mistakes" leading to fatalities of patients in the care of Encompass-owned facilities.

Following publication of the article, Encompass's stock price fell $12.39 per share, or 10.35%, to close at $107.28 per share on July 15, 2025.

Pomerantz LLP, with offices in New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, London, Paris, and Tel Aviv, is acknowledged as one of the premier firms in the areas of corporate, securities, and antitrust class litigation. Founded by the late Abraham L. Pomerantz, known as the dean of the class action bar, Pomerantz pioneered the field of securities class actions. Today, more than 85 years later, Pomerantz continues in the tradition he established, fighting for the rights of the victims of securities fraud, breaches of fiduciary duty, and corporate misconduct. The Firm has recovered numerous multimillion-dollar damages awards on behalf of class members. See www.pomlaw.com.

Attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee similar outcomes.

CONTACT:

Danielle Peyton

Pomerantz LLP

dpeyton@pomlaw.com

646-581-9980 ext. 7980

EHCEncompass Health Corp$120.380.61%Stock Score Locked: Want to See it?

Benzinga Rankings give you vital metrics on any stock - anytime.

Reveal Full ScoreEdge RankingsMomentum85.43Growth80.76Quality72.79Value43.47Price TrendShortMediumLongOverviewMarket News and Data brought to you by Benzinga APIs


2. Putin agreed to let US, Europe offer NATO-style security protections for Ukraine, Trump envoy says

Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks during a working meeting to discuss the results of the Russia-US summit in Alaska at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025.

Russia's Vladimir Putin agreed at his summit with President Donald Trump to allow the United States and its European allies to offer Ukraine a security guarantee resembling NATO's collective defense mandate as part of an eventual deal to end the 3 1/2-year war in Ukraine, special U.S. envoy Steve Witkoff said Sunday.

"We were able to win the following concession: That the United States could offer Article 5-like protection, which is one of the real reasons why Ukraine wants to be in NATO," he told CNN's "State of the Union." He added that it "was the first time we had ever heard the Russians agree to that" and called them "game-changing."

Article 5, at the heart of the 32-member military alliance, states that an armed attack against one or more of the members shall be considered an attack against all members.

Witkoff, who had joined Secretary of State Marco Rubio for the talks Friday at a military base in Alaska, offered few details on how such an agreement would work. But it appeared to be a major shift for Putin and could serve as a workaround to his long-standing objection to Ukraine's potential NATO membership.

Outlining some of the details about the private discussions, Witkoff also said Russia had agreed to enact a law that it would not "go after any other European countries and violate their sovereignty. And there was plenty more."

European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, speaking at a news conference in Brussels with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, applauded the move. "We welcome President Trump's willingness to contribute to Article 5-like security guarantees for Ukraine and the 'Coalition of the willing' -- including the European Union -- is ready to do its share," she said.

Zelenskyy thanked the United States for recent signals that Washington was willing to support such guarantees, but that much was unclear.

"It is important that America agrees to work with Europe to provide security guarantees for Ukraine," he said, "But there are no details how it will work, and what America's role will be, Europe's role will be and what the EU can do, and this is our main task, we need security to work in practice like Article 5 of NATO, and we consider EU accession to be part of the security guarantees," he said.

Witkoff defended Trump's decision to abandon his push that Russian agree to an immediate ceasefire, which Trump had set as a benchmark going into the meeting. Witkoff said the Republican president had pivoted toward a peace deal because so much progress was made.

"We covered almost all the other issues necessary for a peace deal," Witkoff said, without elaborating. "We began to see some moderation in the way they're thinking about getting to a final peace deal."

RELATED STORY | Ukraine's Zelenskyy to meet Trump on Monday after US-Russia summit secured no halt to fighting

Rubio, who appeared on three Sunday news shows, said there was not going to be any kind of truce reached because Ukraine was not at the summit.

"Now, ultimately, if there isn't a peace agreement, if there isn't an end of this war, the president's been clear, there are going to be consequences," Rubio said on ABC's "This Week." "But we're trying to avoid that."

Rubio, who is also Trump's national security adviser, said he did not believe imposing new U.S. sanctions on Russia would force Putin to accept a ceasefire.

"The minute you issue new sanctions, your ability to get them to the table, our ability to get them to table will be severely diminished," Rubio told NBC's "Meet the Press."

He also said "we're not at the precipice of a peace agreement" and that getting there would not be easy and would take a lot of work.

"We made progress in the sense that we identified potential areas of agreement, but there remains some big areas of disagreement. So we're still a long ways off," Rubio said.

Zelenskyy and Europeans leaders, who heard from Trump after the summit, are scheduled to meet with him at the White House on Monday.

"I think everybody agreed that we had made progress. Maybe not enough for a peace deal, but we are on the path for the first time," Witkoff said.

He added: "The fundamental issue, which is some sort of land swap, which is obviously ultimately in the control of the Ukrainians -- that could not have been discussed at this meeting" with Putin. "We intend to discuss it on Monday. Hopefully we have some clarity on it and hopefully that ends up in a peace deal very, very soon."


3. INVESTOR ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Investigates Claims On Behalf of Investors of The J.M. Smucker Company - SJM - JM Smucker (NYSE:SJM)

NEW YORK, Aug. 17, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Pomerantz LLP is investigating claims on behalf of investors of The J.M. Smucker Company ("Smucker" or the "Company") SJM. Such investors are advised to contact Danielle Peyton at newaction@pomlaw.com or 646-581-9980, ext. 7980.

The investigation concerns whether Smucker and certain of its officers and/or directors have engaged in securities fraud or other unlawful business practices.

[Click here for information about joining the class action]

On November 7, 2023, Smucker announced the closing of a transaction to acquire Hostess Brands for about $5.5 billion, $2.4 billion of which was recorded as goodwill in SJM's Sweet Baked Snacks segment. On February 27, 2025, Smucker announced disappointing Q3 2025 results, including in part a comparable net sales decrease of 8% in Sweet Baked Snacks, a $794 million impairment charge related to the goodwill of the Sweet Baked Snacks segment, a $208 impairment charge to the Hostess Brand trademark, and a $268 million loss on the disposal of the Voortman business. On June 10, 2025, Smucker reported disappointing Q4 2025 results, including in part a comparable net sales decrease of 14% in Sweet Baked Snacks, an additional $867 million impairment charge related to the goodwill of the Sweet Baked Snacks segment and an additional $113 million impairment of the Hostess Brand trademark. In contrast to prior assurances about synergies driving sustainable growth, the Company said its updated its 2026 financial plan reflects decreased net sales in the Sweet Baked Snacks segment, noting "the sustained underperformance of the sweet baked goods since acquisition, led to a reduction of the forecasted growth rate for the Sweet Baked Snacks reporting unit."

On this news, Smucker's stock price fell $17.44 per share, or 15.59%, to close at $94.41 per share on June 10, 2025.

Pomerantz LLP, with offices in New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, London, Paris, and Tel Aviv, is acknowledged as one of the premier firms in the areas of corporate, securities, and antitrust class litigation. Founded by the late Abraham L. Pomerantz, known as the dean of the class action bar, Pomerantz pioneered the field of securities class actions. Today, more than 85 years later, Pomerantz continues in the tradition he established, fighting for the rights of the victims of securities fraud, breaches of fiduciary duty, and corporate misconduct. The Firm has recovered numerous multimillion-dollar damages awards on behalf of class members. See www.pomlaw.com.

Attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee similar outcomes.

CONTACT:

Danielle Peyton

Pomerantz LLP

dpeyton@pomlaw.com

646-581-9980 ext. 7980

SJMJM Smucker Co$110.74-0.63%Stock Score Locked: Want to See it?

Benzinga Rankings give you vital metrics on any stock - anytime.

Reveal Full ScoreEdge RankingsMomentum42.21Growth8.55Quality30.39Value32.92Price TrendShortMediumLongOverviewMarket News and Data brought to you by Benzinga APIs


4. Man Utd fans blast 'useless star' as Amorim's side concede after 12 minutes

Manchester United have slammed the same old goalkeeping problem 12 minutes into the new season.

In the absence of Andre Onana, who missed out throughout fitness issues, second-choice stopper Altay Bayindir was given his chance.

But following a promising start from United, that saw all four sides of the ground creating an electric atmosphere, United conceded.

A corner whipped in from the right underneath Bayindir's crossbar saw the United keeper embarrassingly attempt to flap the ball away.

More to follow...

This is a breaking sports story and is being constantly updated with the latest news, pictures and videos. Please refresh the page regularly.

You can also get email updates on the day's biggest sports stories straight to your inbox by signing up for our sports newsletter.

Get all the very best sports news, pictures, opinion and video by following Daily Star every time you see our name.

Follow Daily Star on Google News - CLICK HERE and click the star

Follow Daily Star on Apple News - CLICK HERE available on Apple devices

Follow Daily Star on Flipboard - CLICK HERE and click follow

You can also sign up for Twitter alerts for breaking news by following @DailyStar_Sport and follow us @dailystar for all the latest updates.

Keep up-to-date with your must-see sports stories, features, videos and pictures throughout the day by following us on Facebook at Daily Star Football | London


5. 'Whole thing is falling apart': Top official in Trump DOJ says Deep State weaponization will finally be exposed * WorldNetDaily * by Joe Kovacs

Ed Martin, the director of the U.S. Justice Department's Weaponization Working Group, said Sunday probes into Democrats' targeting of American citizens in recent years are "going like crazy," and he says there could be indictments of major players who did not receive a pardon by Joe Biden.

Attorney General [Pam] Bondi has that Department of Justice spinning like a top," Martin said on "Sunday Morning Futures" with Maria Bartiromo on the Fox News Channel.

"We've got more stuff going on, a lot of it we can't talk about because of the nature of it, but it's going like crazy."

"A lot of people did not get a pardon," he added. "It was not like anything in the history of America."

"Pam Bondi has let us loose and when this comes out, it'll take the whole of these people's hoaxes down."

In a wide-ranging interview, Martin discussed hoaxes including Jan. 6 and the 2020 presidential election, and criminal referrals for U.S. Sen. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., and Democrat New York Attorney General Letitia James, both of whom face allegations of mortgage fraud.

"Every American that has a mortgage or has other documents they sign, has to follow the law," stressed Martin. "We're gonna follow the facts."

"When you're a liar, you lie not just on one thing. When you're a cheater, you cheat not just on one thing. When you're doing corruption, you generally don't do it on one thing."

Is the news we hear every day actually broadcasting messages from God? The answer is an absolute yes! Find out how!

Regarding the targeting of Americans, Martin said, "Joe Biden's Justice Department actively targeted American citizens: Catholics who went to mass, parents who went to school boards."

"The FBI and others were putting people on terrorism watchlists," he added.

With a series of criminal referrals being examined, Martin said a grand jury is merely one of the tools that can be used to investigate.

"When you get a criminal referral, you can infer what you need to," he indicated.

Martin concluded by saying, "The whole thing is falling apart ... The players are always the same."


6. Motorcyclist killed in Jersey Shore crash, police say

A motorcyclist died Friday night after losing control of his motorcycle on a North Wildwood street, police said.

Police responded to a report of a serious crash at 600 W. Spruce Avenue at 9:53 p.m., the North Wildwood Police Department said in a news release. The avenue is the major route into North Wildwood from the mainland.

The motorcyclist was traveling westbound when he lost control of the vehicle, went off the roadway and crashed, authorities said.

Prior to the crash, an officer observed the motorcycle traveling at a high rate of speed, police said.

The driver was transported to Cooper University Hospital in Camden, but died from his injuries.

"We would like to extend our condolences to the family and friends of the driver," the police department said in the release.

The department did not release the victim's name nor immediately respond to inquiries from a reporter Sunday morning.

The crash remains under investigation. Anyone with information may contact the North Wildwood Police Department Detective division at detectives@nwpd.org or 609-522-2411.


7. Trump Thrashes Media Over Russia Summit Critiques: 'It's Incredible'

"I had a great meeting in Alaska on Biden's stupid War, a war that should have never happened!!!"

President Donald Trump ripped into legacy media outlets early on Sunday morning, saying that nothing he could do with respect to the war between Russia and Ukraine would convince them to report honestly or positively about his efforts.

Trump made the comments in a couple of posts shared first via his Truth Social platform -- just 48 hours after what he's touted as a very successful meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin and one day ahead of a planned meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky.

"It's incredible how the Fake News violently distorts the TRUTH when it comes to me," he began. "There is NOTHING I can say or do that would lead them to write or report honestly about me. I had a great meeting in Alaska on Biden's stupid War, a war that should have never happened!!!"

End of Summer Sale - Get 40% off New DailyWire+ Annual Memberships

The president continued his thoughts in a second post, adding, "If I got Russia to give up Moscow as part of the Deal, the Fake News, and their PARTNER, the Radical Left Democrats, would say I made a terrible mistake and a very bad deal. That's why they are the FAKE NEWS!"

"Also, they should talk about the 6 WARS, etc., I JUST STOPPED!!!," he concluded, referencing negotiations with a number of nations in recent weeks that have resulted in ceasefires and peace agreements rather than continued hostilities.

Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee -- who is currently serving as the U.S. Ambassador to Israel -- hinted at a similar media response in February of 2020, just as the COVID-19 pandemic was beginning. During a Fox News interview, he argued that Trump "could personally suck the virus out of the 60,000 people in the world, suck it out of their lungs" and "swim to the bottom of the ocean and spit it out, and he would be accused of pollution for messing up the ocean."


8. Putin agreed to let US, Europe offer NATO-style security protections for Ukraine, Trump envoy says

Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks during a working meeting to discuss the results of the Russia-US summit in Alaska at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025.

Russia's Vladimir Putin agreed at his summit with President Donald Trump to allow the United States and its European allies to offer Ukraine a security guarantee resembling NATO's collective defense mandate as part of an eventual deal to end the 3 1/2-year war in Ukraine, special U.S. envoy Steve Witkoff said Sunday.

"We were able to win the following concession: That the United States could offer Article 5-like protection, which is one of the real reasons why Ukraine wants to be in NATO," he told CNN's "State of the Union." He added that it "was the first time we had ever heard the Russians agree to that" and called them "game-changing."

Article 5, at the heart of the 32-member military alliance, states that an armed attack against one or more of the members shall be considered an attack against all members.

Witkoff, who had joined Secretary of State Marco Rubio for the talks Friday at a military base in Alaska, offered few details on how such an agreement would work. But it appeared to be a major shift for Putin and could serve as a workaround to his long-standing objection to Ukraine's potential NATO membership.

Outlining some of the details about the private discussions, Witkoff also said Russia had agreed to enact a law that it would not "go after any other European countries and violate their sovereignty. And there was plenty more."

European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, speaking at a news conference in Brussels with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, applauded the move. "We welcome President Trump's willingness to contribute to Article 5-like security guarantees for Ukraine and the 'Coalition of the willing' -- including the European Union -- is ready to do its share," she said.

Zelenskyy thanked the United States for recent signals that Washington was willing to support such guarantees, but that much was unclear.

"It is important that America agrees to work with Europe to provide security guarantees for Ukraine," he said, "But there are no details how it will work, and what America's role will be, Europe's role will be and what the EU can do, and this is our main task, we need security to work in practice like Article 5 of NATO, and we consider EU accession to be part of the security guarantees," he said.

Witkoff defended Trump's decision to abandon his push that Russian agree to an immediate ceasefire, which Trump had set as a benchmark going into the meeting. Witkoff said the Republican president had pivoted toward a peace deal because so much progress was made.

"We covered almost all the other issues necessary for a peace deal," Witkoff said, without elaborating. "We began to see some moderation in the way they're thinking about getting to a final peace deal."

RELATED STORY | Ukraine's Zelenskyy to meet Trump on Monday after US-Russia summit secured no halt to fighting

Rubio, who appeared on three Sunday news shows, said there was not going to be any kind of truce reached because Ukraine was not at the summit.

"Now, ultimately, if there isn't a peace agreement, if there isn't an end of this war, the president's been clear, there are going to be consequences," Rubio said on ABC's "This Week." "But we're trying to avoid that."

Rubio, who is also Trump's national security adviser, said he did not believe imposing new U.S. sanctions on Russia would force Putin to accept a ceasefire.

"The minute you issue new sanctions, your ability to get them to the table, our ability to get them to table will be severely diminished," Rubio told NBC's "Meet the Press."

He also said "we're not at the precipice of a peace agreement" and that getting there would not be easy and would take a lot of work.

"We made progress in the sense that we identified potential areas of agreement, but there remains some big areas of disagreement. So we're still a long ways off," Rubio said.

Zelenskyy and Europeans leaders, who heard from Trump after the summit, are scheduled to meet with him at the White House on Monday.

"I think everybody agreed that we had made progress. Maybe not enough for a peace deal, but we are on the path for the first time," Witkoff said.

He added: "The fundamental issue, which is some sort of land swap, which is obviously ultimately in the control of the Ukrainians -- that could not have been discussed at this meeting" with Putin. "We intend to discuss it on Monday. Hopefully we have some clarity on it and hopefully that ends up in a peace deal very, very soon."


9. Israel excluded from upcoming Bari trade fair in Italy: Report

Relatives mourn near the body of Palestinian killed in an Israeli attack on a house on Al Thalatheni Street to Al-Ahli (Baptist) Hospital during funeral procedures in Gaza City, Gaza on August 14, 2025. [Khames Alrefi - Anadolu Agency]

Organizers of the upcoming Fiera del Levante, an annual international trade exhibition scheduled to take place in Italy's Bari city from Sept. 13 to 21, have decided not to invite Israel due to concerns raised by the city mayor about the Gaza situation, local media reported on Sunday, Anadolu reports.

According to Italian news agency ANSA, the fair's organizing body confirmed the decision, following an appeal by Bari Mayor Vito Leccese, who on July 1 had called "not to let Israel participate in the fair activities within the Bari exhibition district, both institutional and economic."

"For a commonality of ethical and political views, the Nuova Fiera del Levante has from the outset expressed a clear distancing from the atrocities of the ongoing genocide against the Palestinian people and has supported, becoming its promoter, the initiative to propose the 2025 Nobel Peace Prize to the children of Gaza," the fair organizer body said in a statement.

The note explained that the initiative, launched by the Latiano-based foundation L'isola che non c'e, seeks to nominate children in Gaza for the 2025 Nobel Peace Prize.

The fair described the proposal as "a moral appeal to the international community to recognize the right to peace and life for every child, everywhere in the world."


10. Brooklyn's Red Hook Pool reopened after months of repair work

RED HOOK, Brooklyn (WABC) -- Some residents in Brooklyn can soon wave goodbye to a long, hot summer with the reopening of a neighborhood outdoor pool.

The Red Hook Pool on Bay Street reopened Sunday at 11 a.m. after a months-long shutdown for repairs.

Just days before it was scheduled to open, the New York City Parks Department discovered a broken drain pipe in the century-old pool. Since then, crews worked to make necessary, extensive repairs to ready the pool for swimmers.

Most New York City outdoor pools officially opened for the summer season on June 27.

According to NYC Parks, the department is currently in the design phase of a $122 million project to renovate the Red Hook Pool and Recreation Center. The project includes rebuilding the entire pool basin and its supporting components, with construction expected to begin in 2028.

New York City outdoor pools will remain open through Sunday, September 7.

Have a breaking news tip or an idea for a story we should cover? Send it to Eyewitness News using the form below. If attaching a video or photo, terms of use apply.


11. 'Outlander: Blood of My Blood' star Hermione Corfield breaks down Julia's shocking decision

Actress Hermione Corfield walks us through Julia's controversial decision.

Desperate times call for desperate measures, and Julia Moriston (Hermione Corfield) is in dire straits on Outlander: Blood of My Blood.

In episode 3 of the prequel series, Julia is still trapped in Lord Lovat's household as a serving maid, and she's feeling the pressure of her pregnancy. Davina (Sara Vickers) suspects that Julia is pregnant, and she tries to convince Julia to take a concoction of herbs that will induce an abortion. But Julia refuses to take it and denies she's pregnant, even after Davina warns her that Lord Lovat (Tony Curran) will get rid of the child himself.

As the episode nears its close, Julia reaches a true state of desperation, knowing that she doesn't have long before she won't be able to hide the pregnancy. She notes that Davina is the mother of Brian Fraser (Jamie Roy), who lives under his father's protection, and hopes to provide the same defense for her child.

In a letter that she writes to Henry (Jeremy Irvine), whom she still believes is in the future with their daughter Claire, she explains, "I am in a prison, kept by the rules of this time, unkind and hostile to women. I am determined the baby will live."

Following those words, we see Julia enter Lord Lovat's bedchamber and drop her robe to reveal that she is completely naked. "Come and warm yourself, my English rose," he croons, inviting her into his bed and thus giving her the ability to pass her and Henry's child off as his.

"We don't know how long she's been at the house," Corfield tells Entertainment Weekly. "But it's been enough time that she's had to make that difficult decision. She realized it's a case of it's either the baby's going to get killed or taken away, or I'm going to have to sleep with Lovat and convince him that this is his child. It's a very difficult decision, but she realizes very quickly that she has zero options other than that."

The Outlander franchise is no stranger to sexual violence, but this scenario is a slightly different take on things with Julia actively choosing to go to Lovat's bed. Still, Corfield says audiences should interpret this as a moment of assault all the same. "She's being held there against her will," she says. "It's an act of desperation. Lord Lovat is also a violent man and sexually violent, so yes, I would say it's still sexual violence."

Already, Julia has written to Henry in the letters she pens to help keep her sane. But if the two do manage to find each other in the 18th century, how might he respond to learning about this? Corfield hopes that he would only offer her compassion.

Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

"I would hope that he would understand," she reflects. "It's not in the means of her own survival; it's for her child. He would understand that. The circumstances they find themselves in -- going back in time -- no one can fathom how you'd cope in that scenario and the ways you'd cope. One of the interesting things about Julia is her different strategies for survival. It's a horrible one, but it's a necessary one."

New episodes of Outlander: Blood of My Blood air at 8 p.m. ET/PT Fridays on Starz and are available on the Starz app the same day.


12. National Public Radio Face-Plants As It Delivers a Face-Palm 'Exclusive' From the Alaska Summit

The opinions expressed by contributors are their own and do not necessarily represent the views of RedState.com.

Is it a desperate lurch for relevance? Maybe something served up as "proof" that they do great journalism in need of public support? Or is it a desire to shame the administration that recently yanked its federal funding? Regardless of the motivation, National Public Radio has just shamed itself with what it was certain was an explosive exposé from the recent summit held between President Trump and Vladimir Putin.

READ MORE: Trump Arriving in Alaska Friday for Meet-Up With Putin, and the Local Left Has Big Plans

Reporter Chiara Eisner arrives with an excitable breaking story of the discovery of documents at a hotel nearby where the two world leaders met this past week. This is delivered with all of the intonation of earth-spinning geopolitical intrigue, the likes of which have not been seen since possibly the release of The Pentagon Papers! Behold the geo-political ramifications with the exposure of...planned activities.

Papers with U.S. State Department markings, found Friday morning in the business center of an Alaskan hotel, revealed previously undisclosed and potentially sensitive details about the Aug. 15 meetings between President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir V. Putin in Anchorage.

...

At around 9 a.m. on Friday, three guests at Hotel Captain Cook, a four-star hotel located 20 minutes from the Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson in Anchorage where leaders from the U.S. and Russia convened, found the documents. NPR reviewed photos of the documents taken by one of the guests, who NPR agreed not to identify because the guest said they feared retaliation.

The use of "potentially" is doing all of the lifting here. What follows is not quite the type of political intrigue or national thriller content you may find in a Brad Thor novel. Instead, we get hyperventilating coverage over content that rises to the level of your professional event planner. The eight pages (of what they laughably describe as "government papers") were not passed along discreetly in an elevator or via a clandestine briefcase exchange - they were found on a printer in the hotel's public general use office room near the lobby.

These sheets exposed potentially damaging secrets such as the schedule of events, the names and faces of those in attendance, the contact numbers for a few members of the U.S. delegation, as well as the gift presented to Vlad Putin (a bald eagle desk adornment). We also have an intercepted document exposing the seating chart at the planned luncheon. And some of this sensitive intel that has now been made public includes the discovery that the salad for the meal would have had a champagne vinaigrette.

It seems quite clear that Ms. Eisner and her NPR editors did not spend much time contemplating the origins of these "government papers." Did they really think that the administration officials would resort to the devices in a hotel's common area, using the public wifi, to disseminate classified information? Also apparent is that Eisner is rather unfamiliar with event tip sheets with agenda specs passed out for use by the public - and, ironically, the press.

READ MORE: President Trump and President Putin Meet in Alaska--Here's What Happened

Even as it is now apparent she was not looped in with these agenda items, did it not occur to this reporter that this was something sent out to others as basic background on the event? One indicator of this purpose being to guide those covering the summit is the inclusion of the phonetic pronunciation of the Russian names. How was it conceived that the more likely scenario was that an administration official was running off classified documents in the hotel lobby, and not another reporter likely printing off the event from an email provided by a media contact?

But Eisner was so convinced of Pulitzer-level journalism that she even elicited the opinion of an "expert" on global affairs to confirm her findings.

Jon Michaels, a professor of law at UCLA who lectures about national security, said that the documents found in the printer of the Alaskan hotel reveal a lapse in professional judgement in preparation for a high-stakes meeting. "It strikes me as further evidence of the sloppiness and the incompetence of the administration," said Michaels. "You just don't leave things in printers. It's that simple."

Yes, because of this unprofessional lapse, the world is now fully aware that crème brûlée was to be served for the dessert at the since-canceled lunch.

You get the real sense of the lack of import this NPR dispatch contains by the coverage seen from the rest of the news outlets. The few that made follow-up reports have not sold the concept of state secrets being revealed; instead, they merely echo the details and claims in the NPR report.

We have to suppose there may be a continuing investigation into the particulars of this document revelation: Was the serving of both filet mignon and halibut at the planned luncheon considered to be "surf & turf," or was it "surf OR turf" on the menu????

Editor's Note: The mainstream media continues to deflect, gaslight, spin, and lie about President Trump, his administration, and conservatives.

Help us continue to expose their left-wing bias by reading news you can trust. Join RedState VIP and use promo code FIGHT to get 60% off your membership.


13. "Blessing in Disguise": NFL Analyst Offers Interesting Shedeur Sanders Take After Recent Setback

"Blessing in Disguise": NFL Analyst Offers Interesting Shedeur Sanders Take After Recent Setback originally appeared on Athlon Sports.

Cleveland Browns rookie quarterback Shedeur Sanders has been one of the major players to watch this preseason. After a stellar run for the Jackson State Tigers and Colorado Buffaloes, one that saw Sanders throw for a combined 14,347 yards with 134 touchdowns, there were plenty of expectations.

Sanders then fell to the fifth round in the 2025 NFL Draft and has been in a QB battle for the Cleveland Browns. He started the preseason opener against the Carolina Panthers and went 14-of-23 for 138 yards and two touchdowns as the Browns won 30-10.

His debut had everybody talking, even days after the game, although an injury in practice left fans wondering what's next for the former Colorado star.

On Wednesday, Sanders suffered an oblique injury and left practice early, putting his immediate status into question.

Sanders seemed to be in line to start the second preseason game against the Philadelphia Eagles on Saturday, but this latest injury news means somebody else will take over for now.

On an episode of "First Take," former NFL player Chris Canty revealed why this could be a "blessing in disguise."

"This could be a blessing in disguise for Shedeur Sanders," Canty said. "The ultimate objective is to sell the Cleveland Browns that you are their future at the quarterback position, especially considering that the Browns have two first-round draft picks in 2026.

"Maybe just maybe, it might be in Shedeur's best interest with this potential injury, the fact that you're not going to see him out there against the Philadelphia Eagles on Saturday night, it tampers down unrealistic expectations that some people have been putting on Shedeur while he's being in the mix for the QB1 job," Canty continued. "Starting the season as QB1 as a rookie, might not be ideal."

Canty went on to mention the Browns' schedule to begin the year, which features showdowns against the Cincinnati Bengals, Baltimore Ravens, Green Bay Packers and Detroit Lions in September alone.

That is a tough stretch with three of those four teams making the playoffs a year ago and the Bengals also in contention for a playoff spot.

"Although it's never, never ideal to be dealing with an injury, the fact that this does give everybody a chance to chill out with the expectations, I feel this could be a good thing for Shedeur in the long run," Canty concluded.

Sanders was once viewed as a first-round draft pick, so his slide to the fifth round was a stunning turn of events.

Still, he has opened eyes time and time again with impressive performances in camp and the first preseason game, even drawing a comment from one AFC North executive.

"It's early, but wow. Actually shocked at how good he looks," one executive told Jordan Schultz during the preseason opener.

For now, Sanders will focus on recovering from the injury, and it could mean one of Joe Flacco, Kenny Pickett, Dillon Gabriel or Tyler Huntley opens the season as the QB1, although Canty views it as more of a positive development in the long run.

The Browns visit the Eagles at 1 p.m. ET Saturday in a preseason game televised live on NFL Network.


14. European leaders will join Zelenskyy's meeting with Trump at the White House

KYIV, Ukraine (AP) -- European and NATO leaders announced Sunday they will join President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Washington for talks with President Donald Trump on ending Russia's war in Ukraine, with the possibility of U.S. security guarantees now on the negotiating table.

READ MORE: Zelenskyy to meet Trump on Monday after U.S.-Russia summit secured no halt to war in Ukraine

European leaders, including heavyweights France, Britain and Germany, are rallying around the Ukrainian leader after his exclusion from Trump's summit on Friday with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Their pledge to be at Zelenskyy's side at the White House on Monday is an apparent effort to ensure the meeting goes better than the last one in February, when Trump berated Zelenskyy in a heated Oval Office encounter.

"The Europeans are very afraid of the Oval Office scene being repeated and so they want to support Mr. Zelenskyy to the hilt," said retired French Gen. Dominique Trinquand, a former head of France's military mission at the United Nations.

"It's a power struggle and a position of strength that might work with Trump," he said.

Special U.S. envoy Steve Witkoff said Sunday that Putin agreed at the meeting in Alaska with Trump to allow the U.S. and European allies to offer Ukraine a security guarantee resembling NATO's collective defense mandate as part of an eventual deal to end the 3 1/2-year war.

European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, speaking at a news conference in Brussels with Zelenskyy, said "we welcome President Trump's willingness to contribute to Article 5-like security guarantees for Ukraine. And the 'coalition of the willing' -- including the European Union -- is ready to do its share."

Von der Leyen was joined Sunday by French President Emmanuel Macron, British Prime Minister Keir Starmer, German Chancellor Friedrich Merz and Finnish President Alexander Stubb in saying they will take part in Monday's talks at the White House, as will secretary-general of the NATO military alliance, Mark Rutte.

The European leaders' demonstration of support could help ease concerns in Kyiv and in other European capitals that Ukraine risks being railroaded into a peace deal that Trump says he wants to broker with Russia.

Neil Melvin, director of international security at the London-based Royal United Services Institute, said European leaders are trying to "shape this fast-evolving agenda." After the Alaska summit, the idea of a ceasefire appears all-but-abandoned, with the narrative shifting toward Putin's agenda of ensuring Ukraine does not join NATO or even the EU.

WATCH: Security expert analyzes fallout of Trump's alignment with Putin after their summit

U.S. Secretary of State Marco Rubio said on NBC's "Meet the Press" on Sunday that a possible ceasefire is "not off the table" but that the best way to end the war would be through a "full peace deal."

Putin has implied that he sees Europe as a hindrance to negotiations. He has also resisted meeting Zelenskyy in person, saying that such a meeting can only take place once the groundwork for a peace deal has been laid.

Speaking to the press after his meeting with Trump, the Russian leader raised the idea that Kyiv and other European capitals could "create obstacles" to derail potential progress with "behind-the-scenes intrigue."

For now, Zelenskyy offers the Europeans the "only way" to get into the discussions about the future of Ukraine and European security, says RUSI's Melvin.

However, the sheer number of European leaders potentially in attendance means the group will have to be "mindful" not to give "contradictory" messages, Melvin said.

"The risk is they look heavy-handed and are ganging up on Trump," he added. "Trump won't want to be put in a corner."

Although details remain hazy on what Article 5-like security guarantees from the U.S. and Europe would entail for Ukraine, it could mirror NATO membership terms, in which an attack on one member of the alliance is seen as an attack on all.

In remarks made on CNN's "State of the Union," Witkoff said Friday's meeting with Trump was the first time Putin has been had heard to agree to such an arrangement.

Zelenskyy continues to stress the importance of both U.S. and European involvement in any negotiations.

"A security guarantee is a strong army. Only Ukraine can provide that. Only Europe can finance this army, and weapons for this army can be provided by our domestic production and European production. But there are certain things that are in short supply and are only available in the United States," he said at the press conference Sunday alongside Von der Leyen.

Zelenskyy also pushed back against Trump's assertion -- which aligned with Putin's preference -- that the two sides should negotiate a complete end to the war, rather than first securing a ceasefire. Zelenskyy said a ceasefire would provide breathing room to review Putin's demands.

"It's impossible to do this under the pressure of weapons," he said. "Putin does not want to stop the killing, but he must do it."

Leicester reported from Le Pecq, France. Associated Press writers Pan Pylas in London, and Katie Marie Davies in Manchester, England, contributed to this report.

We're not going anywhere.

Stand up for truly independent, trusted news that you can count on!

Donate now


15. Foenegriek: Your Kitchen's Secret Spice & Ancient Wellness Ally

Picture this: Golden seeds sizzling in hot ghee, releasing an aroma that's curiously sweet like maple syrup, yet deeply earthy and savoury. Or imagine vibrant, clover-like leaves adding a fresh, unique bite to a steaming curry. This isn't some exotic, hard-to-find treasure - it's foenegriek, better known as fenugreek, a humble powerhouse that's been elevating dishes and supporting well-being for millennia, from Mediterranean shores to bustling South Asian kitchens. What if this everyday spice sitting in your cupboard (or easily found at the market) held more potential than you ever imagined?

Foenegriek isn't just flavour; it's history, health, and home cooking magic, all in one tiny seed or leaf. Let's unravel its story.

Foenegriek: A Culinary Journey Across Continents

Forget bland health food! Foenegriek is a flavour chameleon, essential in countless beloved dishes:

The Seed Powerhouse: Toasted lightly to mellow bitterness and enhance nuttiness, or ground into fragrant powders. Indian Soul: The backbone of sambar powder, panch phoron (Bengali five-spice), and countless curries and dals. Its unique depth is irreplaceable. Middle Eastern Magic: Key in Egyptian helba (fenugreek seed paste tea, often sweetened) and Yemeni hulba. Adds complexity to spice blends like berbere (Ethiopia/Eritrea). Global Touch: Found in Persian ghormeh sabzi, Turkish pastirma (cured beef), and even some European pickling brines and imitation maple syrups (thanks to that distinctive aroma!). The Fresh Leaf (Methi): Tender greens with a slightly bitter, aromatic punch. Vegetable Star: Sautéed with potatoes (aloo methi), stirred into dals (methi dal), or used in flatbreads (methi paratha) across India and Pakistan. Herbal Freshness: Adds a unique layer to salads (use sparingly!) or as a finishing herb in stews in Middle Eastern and North African cooking.

Think of foenegriek seeds like tiny flavour bombs: Earthy, slightly bitter, with hints of celery and caramel. The magic happens when heat transforms them. The leaves? Like a more assertive cousin of spinach or watercress, bringing a fresh, green bitterness that balances rich dishes perfectly.

Foenegriek's Time-Tested Wellness Wisdom

Beyond the plate, foenegriek boasts a remarkable resume in traditional herbal practices. Modern science is starting to explore these ancient uses, particularly:

Digestive Harmony: For centuries, cultures have turned to fenugreek seeds after a heavy meal. It's believed to soothe the stomach and support healthy digestion. Think of it as a gentle, warming nudge for your gut. A simple tea made from lightly crushed seeds is a classic remedy. Lactation Support (The Famous One!): This is perhaps foenegriek's most well-known traditional use. Generations of mothers, particularly in South Asia and the Middle East, have consumed fenugreek seeds (as tea, incorporated into foods like laddoos, or supplements) believing it helps support healthy breast milk production. Important Note: While traditional use is strong and many lactation consultants acknowledge its popularity, always consult your doctor or a qualified lactation specialist before using any herb for this purpose. Individual results can vary. Nutrient Nudge: Don't underestimate this little seed! Foenegriek packs fibre, iron, magnesium, manganese, and a unique soluble fibre called galactomannan. It's a nutrient-dense way to add complexity to your food.

Myth Buster Alert! While foenegriek is incredible, it's not a magic bullet. It won't single-handedly "cure" major ailments. Its strength lies in being a supportive, traditional part of a holistic approach to well-being, especially for digestion and lactation support (under guidance). Think of it as a helpful friend in your wellness toolkit, not a replacement for professional medical advice.

Bringing Foenegriek Magic into Your Kitchen & Life

Ready to harness the power of foenegriek? Here's how to start simply:

Simple Visual Idea: Imagine a split infographic - one side shows seeds transforming from raw to toasted in a pan, the other shows fresh leaves wilting into a fragrant curry. Caption: "Foenegriek's Journey: From Seed to Savoury, Leaf to Luscious."

Growing Your Own? It's surprisingly easy! Fenugreek is a fast-growing, cool-weather crop perfect for pots or garden beds. You'll have fresh methi leaves in weeks. The seeds are the same as those sold for cooking/sprounting.

Foenegriek: A Tiny Seed with Timeless Appeal

From the aromatic depths of a simmering curry to the comforting warmth of a traditional tea, foenegriek proves that some of the most powerful things come in small packages. It's a bridge between the delight of flavourful cooking and the wisdom of age-old herbal traditions.

Your 3 Foenegriek Adventures Start Tomorrow:

Toast & Taste: Lightly toast 1 tsp fenugreek seeds in a dry pan until fragrant (about 1-2 mins). Crush slightly and smell that amazing aroma! Add to your next lentil soup or roasted veggies. Fresh Touch: Find fresh methi leaves (check Indian/Asian grocers or farmers markets). Sauté them with garlic, a pinch of salt, and a squeeze of lemon for a simple, healthy side dish. Sip & See: Simmer 1 tsp lightly crushed fenugreek seeds in 1.5 cups water for 5-10 mins. Strain, add a touch of honey or lemon if desired, and enjoy as a warming digestive tea after dinner.

So, what's your experience? Have you cooked with foenegriek before, or sipped it as tea? Does its maple-like scent surprise you? Share your fenugreek stories in the comments below!

You May Also Read: Stay Informed: Your Guide to wheon.com Health News

FAQs

What does foenegriek / fenugreek taste like?

Seeds: Earthy, slightly bitter, nutty when toasted, with a distinctive maple/celery-like aroma. Fresh leaves (methi): Bitter, herbal, similar to spinach but more pungent. Dried leaves: Intensely aromatic, slightly bitter, used as a finishing herb.

Is fenugreek the same as methi?

Yes! "Fenugreek" usually refers to the seeds or the plant. "Methi" (Hindi/Urdu) specifically refers to the fresh or dried leaves of the fenugreek plant.

How do I use fenugreek seeds in cooking?

Toast whole seeds lightly to reduce bitterness and enhance flavour before adding to tempering (tadka), spice blends, curries, pickles, or bread dough. Ground seeds are used in spice mixes.

Does fenugreek really help with milk supply?

Fenugreek has a long history of traditional use for lactation support. Many women and lactation consultants report positive experiences. However, scientific evidence is mixed, and it's crucial to consult with a doctor or lactation consultant before using it, as it may not be suitable for everyone (e.g., with certain health conditions or diabetes).

Can I grow fenugreek at home?

Absolutely! It's fast-growing and easy. Plant seeds (the same ones sold for cooking) in pots or soil. Harvest the fresh leaves (methi) in about 3-4 weeks. It prefers cooler weather.

Are there any side effects of fenugreek?

Consumed in normal culinary amounts, it's generally safe for most. Larger medicinal doses or supplements can cause digestive upset (gas, diarrhea) in some. The maple-like scent can transfer to sweat/urine. Pregnant women (especially early pregnancy) and people with diabetes, peanut allergies, or on blood-thinning medication should consult a doctor before using significantly beyond culinary amounts.

Where can I buy fenugreek?

Find whole seeds and ground powder in the spice aisle of most supermarkets (often labelled "Fenugreek"). Find fresh methi leaves and dried kasuri methi in Indian, Middle Eastern, or international grocery stores. Seeds are also common in health food stores.


16. Share on WhatsApp

Manchester United vs Arsenal live streaming: Where to watch Premier League clash - https://www.livemint.com/sports/manchester-united-vs-arsenal-live-streaming-where-to-watch-premier-league-2025-26-clash-confirmed-lineups-and-more-11755437258656.html?utm_source=share&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=share_via_web Subscribe to Mint Premium 1 year plan using this link at â¹500 off - https://www.read.ht/Sb5N Download mint app for latest in Business News - https://bit.ly/32XEfFE


17. Countdown to Kickoff: Ethan Burke looks to have a bounce back year in 2025

The countdown to kickoff continues with the leader of the best room on the team, Ethan Burke. The 6'6" senior is heading into his 3rd year as a starter for the Longhorns and is ready to break out in a big way. From a stats perspective, he took a step back last year, but with Trey Moore and Colin Simmons being added to the room, that was expected. This year, he will take on more responsibility once again, and it seems like he is ready for the challenge.

2024 Stats: 27 tackles, 4 PDs, 2 sacks, 1 INT, 1 TD in 16 games

Ethan Burke has been tabbed by coaches and players alike as someone that has had an incredible offseason. That makes sense after a relatively disappointing year in 2024. He's ready to hit the ground running in 2025, and if he does, it's going to be really hard for any offensive line to stop this Texas pass rush. His length gives him a unique advantage in pass rush and the run game on the edge, but missed tackles plagued him a year ago. Despite the regression, he still made one of the biggest plays of the year in College Station.

The biggest thing to keep in mind about Burke is while he has been a high level football player for a long time, he also was an elite lacrosse player in high school. This means it's taken time for Burke to get his body into position to compete at a high level in a conference like the SEC. It sounds like that is no longer an issue and LaAllan Clark, the new edge coach, has been a huge piece of that.

Burke is a uniquely important player for Texas this year. The edge rusher room is incredibly talented, but there are a number of guys that will take on bigger roles this year. Burke is the guy that everyone in that room is looking to, along with Colin Simmons, as the true leaders. Brad Spence is taking part in that as well, I'm sure, but Burke will be the de facto leader because of his seniority and experience.

Burke finished the 2023 season as the team's sack leader. In 2024, he was tied with Liona Lefau, Michael Taaffe and Colton Vasek for 6th on the team. He will need to take a step forward in that respect for the Texas pass rush to be as successful as it can be. The good news for Texas fans is we will know right away, to a certain extent, what Ethan Burke we are getting. That Ohio State game is as big for him as it is for just about anyone on the team.

This is a very talented, physically impressive player. It's been an up and down career thus far, but when you think about the attention Colin Simmons will take up, Burke should be freed up to have a massive contract year. He will be pushed by an impressive group of players behind him, and it seems he has taken the challenge very seriously and Ethan Burke is ready to become a household name in 2025.

If Burke can get back his 2023 level of play, Texas will take off and be nearly impossible to slow down in the pass rush. He's so important to this team for him to make that happen, and I for one, believe he is going to have a big year. Tomorrow, we will get into the rest of the talented edge rusher room that will add on to the incredible duo of Colin Simmons and Ethan Burke.

Follow us on X/Twitter at @LonghornsWire.


18. Trump, Putin say talks 'constructive'

The path to Russia-Ukraine peace remains arduous, demanding concerted efforts by the international community, as the summit between US President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday yielded no tangible results and failed to advance a ceasefire, experts said.

The two leaders emerged from over two-and-a-half hours of talks in Alaska on Friday afternoon, declaring that progress had been made but there was no deal for resolving the Russia-Ukraine conflict. They did not answer questions from reporters at a joint news conference.

The two met in a three-on-three format with top advisers at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson in Anchorage, in what both described as a "constructive" and "businesslike" encounter.

It was the first meeting between the United States and Russian heads of state since the Russia-Ukraine conflict erupted in February 2022.

Calling it "a tragedy for us and a terrible wound", Putin said his "country is sincerely interested in putting an end to it". But he stressed the need to address "all legitimate constraints of Russia" while ensuring Ukraine's security.

The Russian president warned against "backroom dealings" or provocations that could "torpedo the nascent progress", and said that Moscow expected "that Kyiv and the European capitals will perceive all this in a constructive manner and will not create any obstacles".

Trump called the meeting "very productive", saying that "many, many points" were agreed upon but "a couple of big ones" remained unresolved.

On Saturday, Trump dropped his push for a ceasefire in Ukraine in favor of pursuing a full peace accord.

He spoke with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and European leaders by phone on his flight back to Washington, saying afterward that "it was determined by all that the best way to end the horrific war between Russia and Ukraine is to go directly to a peace agreement which would end the war".

Zelensky was scheduled to meet with Trump at the White House on Monday afternoon. Joining him during the trip to Washington, DC, will be European leaders including from Germany, France and Britain, the president of the European Commission and the NATO secretary-general. In a joint statement on Saturday, European leaders stressed that Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity must be fully respected.

Experts said that the just-concluded summit was more symbolic than substantive, but that it signaled a willingness to keep channels of dialogue open, even as the core disputes between Russia, Ukraine and the West remained unresolved.

Liu Le, an associate research fellow at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences' National Institute of International Strategy, said that given the current strains between Russia and the West, particularly the US, Ukraine and the European Union, it was hardly surprising that the summit produced no tangible results.

He pointed out that since the 2014 Crimea crisis, Russia's relations with the US and other Western countries have remained tense. The outbreak of the Russia-Ukraine conflict in 2022 has driven mutual trust to an all-time low, which had left little expectation that the summit would deliver significant breakthroughs.

Moreover, while Trump has cultivated a relatively cordial personal rapport with Putin, deep-seated hostility toward Russia persists within the US. As a result, a single summit is unlikely to be enough to rebuild trust between the two sides, Liu added.

Sourabh Gupta, a senior fellow at the Institute for China-American Studies in Washington, DC, said that what transpired in Alaska was news statements rather than a news conference. "Obviously, a lot was left unsaid at the press meet, including on a near-term ceasefire in Ukraine," he said.

Liu said that while the summit offered some positive signals for conflict resolution, it remains crucial for all parties to demonstrate genuine commitment to addressing the underlying issues, "paving the way for lasting stability".


19. Putin agreed to let US, Europe offer NATO-style security protections for Ukraine, Trump envoy says

Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks during a working meeting to discuss the results of the Russia-US summit in Alaska at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025.

Russia's Vladimir Putin agreed at his summit with President Donald Trump to allow the United States and its European allies to offer Ukraine a security guarantee resembling NATO's collective defense mandate as part of an eventual deal to end the 3 1/2-year war in Ukraine, special U.S. envoy Steve Witkoff said Sunday.

"We were able to win the following concession: That the United States could offer Article 5-like protection, which is one of the real reasons why Ukraine wants to be in NATO," he told CNN's "State of the Union." He added that it "was the first time we had ever heard the Russians agree to that" and called them "game-changing."

Article 5, at the heart of the 32-member military alliance, states that an armed attack against one or more of the members shall be considered an attack against all members.

Witkoff, who had joined Secretary of State Marco Rubio for the talks Friday at a military base in Alaska, offered few details on how such an agreement would work. But it appeared to be a major shift for Putin and could serve as a workaround to his long-standing objection to Ukraine's potential NATO membership.

Outlining some of the details about the private discussions, Witkoff also said Russia had agreed to enact a law that it would not "go after any other European countries and violate their sovereignty. And there was plenty more."

European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, speaking at a news conference in Brussels with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, applauded the move. "We welcome President Trump's willingness to contribute to Article 5-like security guarantees for Ukraine and the 'Coalition of the willing' -- including the European Union -- is ready to do its share," she said.

Zelenskyy thanked the United States for recent signals that Washington was willing to support such guarantees, but that much was unclear.

"It is important that America agrees to work with Europe to provide security guarantees for Ukraine," he said, "But there are no details how it will work, and what America's role will be, Europe's role will be and what the EU can do, and this is our main task, we need security to work in practice like Article 5 of NATO, and we consider EU accession to be part of the security guarantees," he said.

Witkoff defended Trump's decision to abandon his push that Russian agree to an immediate ceasefire, which Trump had set as a benchmark going into the meeting. Witkoff said the Republican president had pivoted toward a peace deal because so much progress was made.

"We covered almost all the other issues necessary for a peace deal," Witkoff said, without elaborating. "We began to see some moderation in the way they're thinking about getting to a final peace deal."

RELATED STORY | Ukraine's Zelenskyy to meet Trump on Monday after US-Russia summit secured no halt to fighting

Rubio, who appeared on three Sunday news shows, said there was not going to be any kind of truce reached because Ukraine was not at the summit.

"Now, ultimately, if there isn't a peace agreement, if there isn't an end of this war, the president's been clear, there are going to be consequences," Rubio said on ABC's "This Week." "But we're trying to avoid that."

Rubio, who is also Trump's national security adviser, said he did not believe imposing new U.S. sanctions on Russia would force Putin to accept a ceasefire.

"The minute you issue new sanctions, your ability to get them to the table, our ability to get them to table will be severely diminished," Rubio told NBC's "Meet the Press."

He also said "we're not at the precipice of a peace agreement" and that getting there would not be easy and would take a lot of work.

"We made progress in the sense that we identified potential areas of agreement, but there remains some big areas of disagreement. So we're still a long ways off," Rubio said.

Zelenskyy and Europeans leaders, who heard from Trump after the summit, are scheduled to meet with him at the White House on Monday.

"I think everybody agreed that we had made progress. Maybe not enough for a peace deal, but we are on the path for the first time," Witkoff said.

He added: "The fundamental issue, which is some sort of land swap, which is obviously ultimately in the control of the Ukrainians -- that could not have been discussed at this meeting" with Putin. "We intend to discuss it on Monday. Hopefully we have some clarity on it and hopefully that ends up in a peace deal very, very soon."


20. Why Andre Onana was not in Manchester United squad vs Arsenal - Manchester Evening News

Ruben Amorim has revealed Andre Onana was left out of the matchday squad against Arsenal because of the performances of Manchester United's other goalkeepers in pre-season.

Onana missed all five of United's pre-season friendlies through injury but has been back in training.

Amorim had left the Cameroon international sweating over his place by refusing to confirm whether he would be involved in the squad during Friday's pre-match press conference.

And the Portuguese head coach named United's back-up goalkeeper Altay Bayindir in the starting XI, with third choice goalkeeper Tom Heaton named on the bench.

Despite Onana's lack of games in recent weeks, Amorim confirmed his match fitness had nothing to do with the decision to not name him in the team.

"No, he recovered," Amorim told MUTV when asked if Onana was still injured. "But the other guys [Bayindir and Heaton] did so well during pre-season, so I need to balance that."

Rasmus Hojlund was also omitted from the matchday squad. He is expected to leave the club following the arrival of Slovenia international Benjamin Sesko from RB Leipzig.

Speaking about whether they will return to the squad for next weekend's trip to Fulham, Amorim added: "It's an option. We try to choose the best players for each game so next week it's a different life and in this week we chose this."

---

Here at the Manchester Evening News, we're dedicated to bringing you the best Manchester United coverage and analysis.

Make sure you don't miss out on the latest United news by joining our free WhatsApp group. You can get all the breaking news and best analysis sent straight to your phone by clicking here to subscribe.

You can also subscribe to our free newsletter service. Click here to be sent all the day's biggest stories.

And finally, if you'd rather listen to our expert analysis then make sure to check out our Manchester is Red podcast, featuring The Samuel Luckhurst Show and The Midweek Debate. Our shows are available on all podcast platforms, including Spotify and Apple Podcasts, and you can also watch along on YouTube.


🇺🇸 USA MARKET NEWS
----------------------------------------

1. Putin agreed to let US, Europe offer NATO-style security protections for Ukraine, Trump envoy says

Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks during a working meeting to discuss the results of the Russia-US summit in Alaska at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025.

Russia's Vladimir Putin agreed at his summit with President Donald Trump to allow the United States and its European allies to offer Ukraine a security guarantee resembling NATO's collective defense mandate as part of an eventual deal to end the 3 1/2-year war in Ukraine, special U.S. envoy Steve Witkoff said Sunday.

"We were able to win the following concession: That the United States could offer Article 5-like protection, which is one of the real reasons why Ukraine wants to be in NATO," he told CNN's "State of the Union." He added that it "was the first time we had ever heard the Russians agree to that" and called them "game-changing."

Article 5, at the heart of the 32-member military alliance, states that an armed attack against one or more of the members shall be considered an attack against all members.

Witkoff, who had joined Secretary of State Marco Rubio for the talks Friday at a military base in Alaska, offered few details on how such an agreement would work. But it appeared to be a major shift for Putin and could serve as a workaround to his long-standing objection to Ukraine's potential NATO membership.

Outlining some of the details about the private discussions, Witkoff also said Russia had agreed to enact a law that it would not "go after any other European countries and violate their sovereignty. And there was plenty more."

European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, speaking at a news conference in Brussels with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, applauded the move. "We welcome President Trump's willingness to contribute to Article 5-like security guarantees for Ukraine and the 'Coalition of the willing' -- including the European Union -- is ready to do its share," she said.

Zelenskyy thanked the United States for recent signals that Washington was willing to support such guarantees, but that much was unclear.

"It is important that America agrees to work with Europe to provide security guarantees for Ukraine," he said, "But there are no details how it will work, and what America's role will be, Europe's role will be and what the EU can do, and this is our main task, we need security to work in practice like Article 5 of NATO, and we consider EU accession to be part of the security guarantees," he said.

Witkoff defended Trump's decision to abandon his push that Russian agree to an immediate ceasefire, which Trump had set as a benchmark going into the meeting. Witkoff said the Republican president had pivoted toward a peace deal because so much progress was made.

"We covered almost all the other issues necessary for a peace deal," Witkoff said, without elaborating. "We began to see some moderation in the way they're thinking about getting to a final peace deal."

RELATED STORY | Ukraine's Zelenskyy to meet Trump on Monday after US-Russia summit secured no halt to fighting

Rubio, who appeared on three Sunday news shows, said there was not going to be any kind of truce reached because Ukraine was not at the summit.

"Now, ultimately, if there isn't a peace agreement, if there isn't an end of this war, the president's been clear, there are going to be consequences," Rubio said on ABC's "This Week." "But we're trying to avoid that."

Rubio, who is also Trump's national security adviser, said he did not believe imposing new U.S. sanctions on Russia would force Putin to accept a ceasefire.

"The minute you issue new sanctions, your ability to get them to the table, our ability to get them to table will be severely diminished," Rubio told NBC's "Meet the Press."

He also said "we're not at the precipice of a peace agreement" and that getting there would not be easy and would take a lot of work.

"We made progress in the sense that we identified potential areas of agreement, but there remains some big areas of disagreement. So we're still a long ways off," Rubio said.

Zelenskyy and Europeans leaders, who heard from Trump after the summit, are scheduled to meet with him at the White House on Monday.

"I think everybody agreed that we had made progress. Maybe not enough for a peace deal, but we are on the path for the first time," Witkoff said.

He added: "The fundamental issue, which is some sort of land swap, which is obviously ultimately in the control of the Ukrainians -- that could not have been discussed at this meeting" with Putin. "We intend to discuss it on Monday. Hopefully we have some clarity on it and hopefully that ends up in a peace deal very, very soon."


2. Putin agreed to let US, Europe offer NATO-style security protections for Ukraine, Trump envoy says

Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks during a working meeting to discuss the results of the Russia-US summit in Alaska at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025.

Russia's Vladimir Putin agreed at his summit with President Donald Trump to allow the United States and its European allies to offer Ukraine a security guarantee resembling NATO's collective defense mandate as part of an eventual deal to end the 3 1/2-year war in Ukraine, special U.S. envoy Steve Witkoff said Sunday.

"We were able to win the following concession: That the United States could offer Article 5-like protection, which is one of the real reasons why Ukraine wants to be in NATO," he told CNN's "State of the Union." He added that it "was the first time we had ever heard the Russians agree to that" and called them "game-changing."

Article 5, at the heart of the 32-member military alliance, states that an armed attack against one or more of the members shall be considered an attack against all members.

Witkoff, who had joined Secretary of State Marco Rubio for the talks Friday at a military base in Alaska, offered few details on how such an agreement would work. But it appeared to be a major shift for Putin and could serve as a workaround to his long-standing objection to Ukraine's potential NATO membership.

Outlining some of the details about the private discussions, Witkoff also said Russia had agreed to enact a law that it would not "go after any other European countries and violate their sovereignty. And there was plenty more."

European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, speaking at a news conference in Brussels with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, applauded the move. "We welcome President Trump's willingness to contribute to Article 5-like security guarantees for Ukraine and the 'Coalition of the willing' -- including the European Union -- is ready to do its share," she said.

Zelenskyy thanked the United States for recent signals that Washington was willing to support such guarantees, but that much was unclear.

"It is important that America agrees to work with Europe to provide security guarantees for Ukraine," he said, "But there are no details how it will work, and what America's role will be, Europe's role will be and what the EU can do, and this is our main task, we need security to work in practice like Article 5 of NATO, and we consider EU accession to be part of the security guarantees," he said.

Witkoff defended Trump's decision to abandon his push that Russian agree to an immediate ceasefire, which Trump had set as a benchmark going into the meeting. Witkoff said the Republican president had pivoted toward a peace deal because so much progress was made.

"We covered almost all the other issues necessary for a peace deal," Witkoff said, without elaborating. "We began to see some moderation in the way they're thinking about getting to a final peace deal."

RELATED STORY | Ukraine's Zelenskyy to meet Trump on Monday after US-Russia summit secured no halt to fighting

Rubio, who appeared on three Sunday news shows, said there was not going to be any kind of truce reached because Ukraine was not at the summit.

"Now, ultimately, if there isn't a peace agreement, if there isn't an end of this war, the president's been clear, there are going to be consequences," Rubio said on ABC's "This Week." "But we're trying to avoid that."

Rubio, who is also Trump's national security adviser, said he did not believe imposing new U.S. sanctions on Russia would force Putin to accept a ceasefire.

"The minute you issue new sanctions, your ability to get them to the table, our ability to get them to table will be severely diminished," Rubio told NBC's "Meet the Press."

He also said "we're not at the precipice of a peace agreement" and that getting there would not be easy and would take a lot of work.

"We made progress in the sense that we identified potential areas of agreement, but there remains some big areas of disagreement. So we're still a long ways off," Rubio said.

Zelenskyy and Europeans leaders, who heard from Trump after the summit, are scheduled to meet with him at the White House on Monday.

"I think everybody agreed that we had made progress. Maybe not enough for a peace deal, but we are on the path for the first time," Witkoff said.

He added: "The fundamental issue, which is some sort of land swap, which is obviously ultimately in the control of the Ukrainians -- that could not have been discussed at this meeting" with Putin. "We intend to discuss it on Monday. Hopefully we have some clarity on it and hopefully that ends up in a peace deal very, very soon."


3. Disjointed Chelsea labour to goalless draw with Crystal Palace

Chelsea made an underwhelming start to the Premier League season as Crystal Palace ground out a goalless draw at Stamford Bridge.

After a truncated pre-season following victory in the Club World Cup, everything pointed to a Chelsea side lacking both preparation and rest as Oliver Glasner's team coped relative easily with a new-look yet disjointed attack.

Eberechi Eze started for Palace despite speculation he is about to leave and, if there were doubts about how supporters felt about the player whose goal won them the FA Cup in May, they were dispelled when he was substituted to a standing ovation late on.

The England international provided the game with its only major talking point, lashing in a brilliant free-kick in the first half that was ruled out after Marc Guehi obstructed Chelsea's wall, drawing a furious response from Palace fans.

As expected, Nicolas Jackson was not in Enzo Maresca's squad after being made surplus to requirements, with Newcastle considering a bid, while Joao Pedro was preferred at number nine to fellow new signing Liam Delap.

Chelsea were playing 35 days after their win over Paris St Germain in the Club World Cup final in the United States and showed signs of mental fatigue in a first-half display low on creativity.

Marc Cucurella had the first of their only two chances, his near-post header looping towards the far corner where it was nodded off the line by the leaping Ismaila Sarr.

Eze looked to have obliged the headline writers after 15 minutes with an unstoppable free-kick that flew through the middle of the Chelsea wall and in, only for a VAR check to reveal Guehi had unfairly forced Moises Caicedo out of the ball's path.

Moments later Jean-Philippe Mateta broke into the box but shot too close to Robert Sanchez, who bounced the effort to safety.

There was little worthy of home fans' enthusiasm in attack in the first half, but they showed raucous appreciation for a wonderfully-timed, full-blooded tackle on Daniel Munoz by 19-year-old Josh Acheampong, making a third Premier League start in central defence, with Levi Colwill a long-term absentee and Wesley Fofana not risked.

With Maresca having been told to seek internal solutions to his lack of defensive options, the academy graduate staked a convincing claim for regular game time with a display of maturity and fulsome grit that was warmly received by an otherwise subdued crowd.

The best Chelsea chance of the half fell to Trevoh Chalobah, who fired high from eight yards after good work from debutant Jamie Gittens.

Estevao Willian was sent on in the 53rd minute for a debut and, with his first action, annihilated Guehi in a foot race down the right before crossing brilliantly for Enzo Fernandez, who failed to make good contact.

The Brazil international, still only 18 despite the hype surrounding his arrival from Palmeiras, betrayed his inexperience minutes later when striking wildly over the bar when off balance before being booked for lunging at Munoz.

Eze was again almost the story when he drilled at goal and brought a two-handed save from Sanchez, then at the other end substitute Delap shot straight at Dean Henderson.


4. European leaders will join Zelenskyy's meeting with Trump at the White House

KYIV, Ukraine (AP) -- European and NATO leaders announced Sunday they will join President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Washington for talks with President Donald Trump on ending Russia's war in Ukraine, with the possibility of U.S. security guarantees now on the negotiating table.

READ MORE: Zelenskyy to meet Trump on Monday after U.S.-Russia summit secured no halt to war in Ukraine

European leaders, including heavyweights France, Britain and Germany, are rallying around the Ukrainian leader after his exclusion from Trump's summit on Friday with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Their pledge to be at Zelenskyy's side at the White House on Monday is an apparent effort to ensure the meeting goes better than the last one in February, when Trump berated Zelenskyy in a heated Oval Office encounter.

"The Europeans are very afraid of the Oval Office scene being repeated and so they want to support Mr. Zelenskyy to the hilt," said retired French Gen. Dominique Trinquand, a former head of France's military mission at the United Nations.

"It's a power struggle and a position of strength that might work with Trump," he said.

Special U.S. envoy Steve Witkoff said Sunday that Putin agreed at the meeting in Alaska with Trump to allow the U.S. and European allies to offer Ukraine a security guarantee resembling NATO's collective defense mandate as part of an eventual deal to end the 3 1/2-year war.

European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, speaking at a news conference in Brussels with Zelenskyy, said "we welcome President Trump's willingness to contribute to Article 5-like security guarantees for Ukraine. And the 'coalition of the willing' -- including the European Union -- is ready to do its share."

Von der Leyen was joined Sunday by French President Emmanuel Macron, British Prime Minister Keir Starmer, German Chancellor Friedrich Merz and Finnish President Alexander Stubb in saying they will take part in Monday's talks at the White House, as will secretary-general of the NATO military alliance, Mark Rutte.

The European leaders' demonstration of support could help ease concerns in Kyiv and in other European capitals that Ukraine risks being railroaded into a peace deal that Trump says he wants to broker with Russia.

Neil Melvin, director of international security at the London-based Royal United Services Institute, said European leaders are trying to "shape this fast-evolving agenda." After the Alaska summit, the idea of a ceasefire appears all-but-abandoned, with the narrative shifting toward Putin's agenda of ensuring Ukraine does not join NATO or even the EU.

WATCH: Security expert analyzes fallout of Trump's alignment with Putin after their summit

U.S. Secretary of State Marco Rubio said on NBC's "Meet the Press" on Sunday that a possible ceasefire is "not off the table" but that the best way to end the war would be through a "full peace deal."

Putin has implied that he sees Europe as a hindrance to negotiations. He has also resisted meeting Zelenskyy in person, saying that such a meeting can only take place once the groundwork for a peace deal has been laid.

Speaking to the press after his meeting with Trump, the Russian leader raised the idea that Kyiv and other European capitals could "create obstacles" to derail potential progress with "behind-the-scenes intrigue."

For now, Zelenskyy offers the Europeans the "only way" to get into the discussions about the future of Ukraine and European security, says RUSI's Melvin.

However, the sheer number of European leaders potentially in attendance means the group will have to be "mindful" not to give "contradictory" messages, Melvin said.

"The risk is they look heavy-handed and are ganging up on Trump," he added. "Trump won't want to be put in a corner."

Although details remain hazy on what Article 5-like security guarantees from the U.S. and Europe would entail for Ukraine, it could mirror NATO membership terms, in which an attack on one member of the alliance is seen as an attack on all.

In remarks made on CNN's "State of the Union," Witkoff said Friday's meeting with Trump was the first time Putin has been had heard to agree to such an arrangement.

Zelenskyy continues to stress the importance of both U.S. and European involvement in any negotiations.

"A security guarantee is a strong army. Only Ukraine can provide that. Only Europe can finance this army, and weapons for this army can be provided by our domestic production and European production. But there are certain things that are in short supply and are only available in the United States," he said at the press conference Sunday alongside Von der Leyen.

Zelenskyy also pushed back against Trump's assertion -- which aligned with Putin's preference -- that the two sides should negotiate a complete end to the war, rather than first securing a ceasefire. Zelenskyy said a ceasefire would provide breathing room to review Putin's demands.

"It's impossible to do this under the pressure of weapons," he said. "Putin does not want to stop the killing, but he must do it."

Leicester reported from Le Pecq, France. Associated Press writers Pan Pylas in London, and Katie Marie Davies in Manchester, England, contributed to this report.

We're not going anywhere.

Stand up for truly independent, trusted news that you can count on!

Donate now


5. Baseball-loving Layton man shares the greatness of Satchel Paige

In 1965, at the age of 22, Gordon Loveless -- now of Layton -- stood at the plate at Mulcahy Stadium in Anchorage, Alaska, looking the 60½ feet to the pitcher's mound, waiting for the great Satchel Paige to throw a pitch his way.

As a baseball fan, Loveless was well aware of Paige. He loved baseball and its players -- both major leagues and players in what were then called the Negro leagues -- and he had heard the stories of Paige's prominence over anyone who stepped up to the plate, regardless of skin color.

In those days, baseball players went wherever they had to or wanted to just to play the game. But the presence of a legend like Paige was quite a surprise.

At the time, Paige was 59 years old, well past the ability to throw the rumored 100 mph fastballs that passed a 17-year-old rookie named Willie Mays. Loveless would not be relaxed by Paige's age, though. This was still the man Joe DiMaggio from Loveless' beloved New York Yankees claimed to be the best pitcher he ever faced, according to Yankees history. Paige was in his 40s then.

All of this to say, Loveless was ready when the ball came his way.

"I hit it! Not a base hit, but I hit it out to centerfield. I actually got my bat on it," said Loveless, now 82. "A little bit later, I got a ball and asked him to sign it. I knew I definitely wanted a ball signed by Satchel Paige."

To say this autographed baseball is a prized possession is an understatement. Sure, Loveless comes from a baseball family, and he knew any piece of baseball memorabilia was to be treasured -- but this ball is also a reminder of what could have been between him and Paige.

Loveless was in Anchorage to play baseball with college players from across the country. Paige was in town to play four exhibition games, according to the Alaska Historical Society, all just for fun. He was also asked to manage a future team to be called the Anchorage Earthquakers, a team made up of some of the best college baseball players not already a part of Major League Baseball.

One day, when he returned home to Payson from Alaska, Loveless said he received a letter from Paige himself.

"What we are trying to do is to have a winning ball club, and if you feel like you can help the organization, we would be glad to give you a chance," Paige wrote in the letter. "Answer right back to let me know when you will be able to join the club."

At the bottom of the letter, which was on Earthquakers letterhead, is Paige's signature along with his home address in Kansas City.

As anyone -- especially a baseball fan -- could imagine, Loveless was as excited as he could be. Satchel Paige wrote to this young man, ready to give him a chance to make his baseball dreams come true.

Unfortunately, Loveless could not go to Alaska to play with Paige.

"I got another letter in the mail. This time, this letter was from Uncle Sam," Loveless said.

The Vietnam War was raging, and the United States increased the number of troops in the country in 1965 and 1966. Although there was no official draft at this time, some men received "strongly worded letters" that informed them they needed to show up at a particular location by a certain date. Loveless received one such letter.

He joined the Army reserves before his date, which offset any mandated trip to Vietnam. He also attended Brigham Young University -- after some time playing baseball at the College of Southern Utah, then a junior college -- potentially saving him from a future draft as college attendance allowed for a deferment in the mid-1960s.

His military responsibilities made him unable to play for Paige.

But even if he had not received a letter from Uncle Sam, Loveless would not have been able to play for the legend. Plans changed when it came to the Earthquakers team management, and Paige was no longer a part of the program.

Paige had pitched his last innings when he was 59, throwing three scoreless innings against the Boston Red Sox, according to Major League Baseball. He moved around from team to team, serving as a pitching coach for young players. He was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1971, honoring his time with the Birmingham Barons and Kansas Monarchs in the Negro leagues, as well as his play for teams in Cleveland, Kansas City and St. Louis in the major leagues.

Loveless continued to play baseball and softball on community amateur teams for years during and after completing his college education and military service. He never saw or heard from Satchel Paige again, he says, but he holds his letter and autographed baseball dear.

Loveless has no interest in selling any of his memorabilia, including an autograph from Mickey Mantle received when the great Yankee player was in Vernal one weekend. He just enjoys sharing what did happen and what could have been.

Loveless has spoken to appraisers from PBS's "Antiques Roadshow" regarding the potential value of this autographed baseball, and they urged him to get the autograph authenticated. He is in the process of doing so, as the ball stays locked up tight -- but he does like to show it to other people from time to time.

For now, Loveless is happy to share the stories of Satchel Paige -- who is rumored to have won 2,000 games between the major and negro leagues, pitched every inning of every game for a month in the Negro leagues due to lack of available pitchers, and still threw one-hit games at 59 years old, according to Major League Baseball.

Paige was one of the greatest, as far as Loveless is concerned. He wants to make sure everyone else knows it, too.

"I wish that people really knew what Satchel Paige's contribution was to the game of baseball," he said. "He almost was treated like a God to baseball fans. But I spoke with him, and he was very personable. He's up there with Willie Mays, Josh Gibson, Hank Aaron. He was great."


6. Trump, Putin say talks 'constructive'

The path to Russia-Ukraine peace remains arduous, demanding concerted efforts by the international community, as the summit between US President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday yielded no tangible results and failed to advance a ceasefire, experts said.

The two leaders emerged from over two-and-a-half hours of talks in Alaska on Friday afternoon, declaring that progress had been made but there was no deal for resolving the Russia-Ukraine conflict. They did not answer questions from reporters at a joint news conference.

The two met in a three-on-three format with top advisers at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson in Anchorage, in what both described as a "constructive" and "businesslike" encounter.

It was the first meeting between the United States and Russian heads of state since the Russia-Ukraine conflict erupted in February 2022.

Calling it "a tragedy for us and a terrible wound", Putin said his "country is sincerely interested in putting an end to it". But he stressed the need to address "all legitimate constraints of Russia" while ensuring Ukraine's security.

The Russian president warned against "backroom dealings" or provocations that could "torpedo the nascent progress", and said that Moscow expected "that Kyiv and the European capitals will perceive all this in a constructive manner and will not create any obstacles".

Trump called the meeting "very productive", saying that "many, many points" were agreed upon but "a couple of big ones" remained unresolved.

On Saturday, Trump dropped his push for a ceasefire in Ukraine in favor of pursuing a full peace accord.

He spoke with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and European leaders by phone on his flight back to Washington, saying afterward that "it was determined by all that the best way to end the horrific war between Russia and Ukraine is to go directly to a peace agreement which would end the war".

Zelensky was scheduled to meet with Trump at the White House on Monday afternoon. Joining him during the trip to Washington, DC, will be European leaders including from Germany, France and Britain, the president of the European Commission and the NATO secretary-general. In a joint statement on Saturday, European leaders stressed that Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity must be fully respected.

Experts said that the just-concluded summit was more symbolic than substantive, but that it signaled a willingness to keep channels of dialogue open, even as the core disputes between Russia, Ukraine and the West remained unresolved.

Liu Le, an associate research fellow at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences' National Institute of International Strategy, said that given the current strains between Russia and the West, particularly the US, Ukraine and the European Union, it was hardly surprising that the summit produced no tangible results.

He pointed out that since the 2014 Crimea crisis, Russia's relations with the US and other Western countries have remained tense. The outbreak of the Russia-Ukraine conflict in 2022 has driven mutual trust to an all-time low, which had left little expectation that the summit would deliver significant breakthroughs.

Moreover, while Trump has cultivated a relatively cordial personal rapport with Putin, deep-seated hostility toward Russia persists within the US. As a result, a single summit is unlikely to be enough to rebuild trust between the two sides, Liu added.

Sourabh Gupta, a senior fellow at the Institute for China-American Studies in Washington, DC, said that what transpired in Alaska was news statements rather than a news conference. "Obviously, a lot was left unsaid at the press meet, including on a near-term ceasefire in Ukraine," he said.

Liu said that while the summit offered some positive signals for conflict resolution, it remains crucial for all parties to demonstrate genuine commitment to addressing the underlying issues, "paving the way for lasting stability".


7. Putin agreed to let US, Europe offer NATO-style security protections for Ukraine, Trump envoy says

Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks during a working meeting to discuss the results of the Russia-US summit in Alaska at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, on Saturday, Aug. 16, 2025.

Russia's Vladimir Putin agreed at his summit with President Donald Trump to allow the United States and its European allies to offer Ukraine a security guarantee resembling NATO's collective defense mandate as part of an eventual deal to end the 3 1/2-year war in Ukraine, special U.S. envoy Steve Witkoff said Sunday.

"We were able to win the following concession: That the United States could offer Article 5-like protection, which is one of the real reasons why Ukraine wants to be in NATO," he told CNN's "State of the Union." He added that it "was the first time we had ever heard the Russians agree to that" and called them "game-changing."

Article 5, at the heart of the 32-member military alliance, states that an armed attack against one or more of the members shall be considered an attack against all members.

Witkoff, who had joined Secretary of State Marco Rubio for the talks Friday at a military base in Alaska, offered few details on how such an agreement would work. But it appeared to be a major shift for Putin and could serve as a workaround to his long-standing objection to Ukraine's potential NATO membership.

Outlining some of the details about the private discussions, Witkoff also said Russia had agreed to enact a law that it would not "go after any other European countries and violate their sovereignty. And there was plenty more."

European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, speaking at a news conference in Brussels with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, applauded the move. "We welcome President Trump's willingness to contribute to Article 5-like security guarantees for Ukraine and the 'Coalition of the willing' -- including the European Union -- is ready to do its share," she said.

Zelenskyy thanked the United States for recent signals that Washington was willing to support such guarantees, but that much was unclear.

"It is important that America agrees to work with Europe to provide security guarantees for Ukraine," he said, "But there are no details how it will work, and what America's role will be, Europe's role will be and what the EU can do, and this is our main task, we need security to work in practice like Article 5 of NATO, and we consider EU accession to be part of the security guarantees," he said.

Witkoff defended Trump's decision to abandon his push that Russian agree to an immediate ceasefire, which Trump had set as a benchmark going into the meeting. Witkoff said the Republican president had pivoted toward a peace deal because so much progress was made.

"We covered almost all the other issues necessary for a peace deal," Witkoff said, without elaborating. "We began to see some moderation in the way they're thinking about getting to a final peace deal."

RELATED STORY | Ukraine's Zelenskyy to meet Trump on Monday after US-Russia summit secured no halt to fighting

Rubio, who appeared on three Sunday news shows, said there was not going to be any kind of truce reached because Ukraine was not at the summit.

"Now, ultimately, if there isn't a peace agreement, if there isn't an end of this war, the president's been clear, there are going to be consequences," Rubio said on ABC's "This Week." "But we're trying to avoid that."

Rubio, who is also Trump's national security adviser, said he did not believe imposing new U.S. sanctions on Russia would force Putin to accept a ceasefire.

"The minute you issue new sanctions, your ability to get them to the table, our ability to get them to table will be severely diminished," Rubio told NBC's "Meet the Press."

He also said "we're not at the precipice of a peace agreement" and that getting there would not be easy and would take a lot of work.

"We made progress in the sense that we identified potential areas of agreement, but there remains some big areas of disagreement. So we're still a long ways off," Rubio said.

Zelenskyy and Europeans leaders, who heard from Trump after the summit, are scheduled to meet with him at the White House on Monday.

"I think everybody agreed that we had made progress. Maybe not enough for a peace deal, but we are on the path for the first time," Witkoff said.

He added: "The fundamental issue, which is some sort of land swap, which is obviously ultimately in the control of the Ukrainians -- that could not have been discussed at this meeting" with Putin. "We intend to discuss it on Monday. Hopefully we have some clarity on it and hopefully that ends up in a peace deal very, very soon."


8. Disjointed Chelsea labour to goalless draw with Crystal Palace

Chelsea made an underwhelming start to the Premier League season as Crystal Palace ground out a goalless draw at Stamford Bridge.

After a truncated pre-season following victory in the Club World Cup, everything pointed to a Chelsea side lacking both preparation and rest as Oliver Glasner's team coped relative easily with a new-look yet disjointed attack.

Eberechi Eze started for Palace despite speculation he is about to leave and, if there were doubts about how supporters felt about the player whose goal won them the FA Cup in May, they were dispelled when he was substituted to a standing ovation late on.

The England international provided the game with its only major talking point, lashing in a brilliant free-kick in the first half that was ruled out after Marc Guehi obstructed Chelsea's wall, drawing a furious response from Palace fans.

As expected, Nicolas Jackson was not in Enzo Maresca's squad after being made surplus to requirements, with Newcastle considering a bid, while Joao Pedro was preferred at number nine to fellow new signing Liam Delap.

Chelsea were playing 35 days after their win over Paris St Germain in the Club World Cup final in the United States and showed signs of mental fatigue in a first-half display low on creativity.

Marc Cucurella had the first of their only two chances, his near-post header looping towards the far corner where it was nodded off the line by the leaping Ismaila Sarr.

Eze looked to have obliged the headline writers after 15 minutes with an unstoppable free-kick that flew through the middle of the Chelsea wall and in, only for a VAR check to reveal Guehi had unfairly forced Moises Caicedo out of the ball's path.

Moments later Jean-Philippe Mateta broke into the box but shot too close to Robert Sanchez, who bounced the effort to safety.

There was little worthy of home fans' enthusiasm in attack in the first half, but they showed raucous appreciation for a wonderfully-timed, full-blooded tackle on Daniel Munoz by 19-year-old Josh Acheampong, making a third Premier League start in central defence, with Levi Colwill a long-term absentee and Wesley Fofana not risked.

With Maresca having been told to seek internal solutions to his lack of defensive options, the academy graduate staked a convincing claim for regular game time with a display of maturity and fulsome grit that was warmly received by an otherwise subdued crowd.

The best Chelsea chance of the half fell to Trevoh Chalobah, who fired high from eight yards after good work from debutant Jamie Gittens.

Estevao Willian was sent on in the 53rd minute for a debut and, with his first action, annihilated Guehi in a foot race down the right before crossing brilliantly for Enzo Fernandez, who failed to make good contact.

The Brazil international, still only 18 despite the hype surrounding his arrival from Palmeiras, betrayed his inexperience minutes later when striking wildly over the bar when off balance before being booked for lunging at Munoz.

Eze was again almost the story when he drilled at goal and brought a two-handed save from Sanchez, then at the other end substitute Delap shot straight at Dean Henderson.


9. Disjointed Chelsea labour to goalless draw with Crystal Palace

Chelsea made an underwhelming start to the Premier League season as Crystal Palace ground out a goalless draw at Stamford Bridge.

After a truncated pre-season following victory in the Club World Cup, everything pointed to a Chelsea side lacking both preparation and rest as Oliver Glasner's team coped relative easily with a new-look yet disjointed attack.

Eberechi Eze started for Palace despite speculation he is about to leave and, if there were doubts about how supporters felt about the player whose goal won them the FA Cup in May, they were dispelled when he was substituted to a standing ovation late on.

The England international provided the game with its only major talking point, lashing in a brilliant free-kick in the first half that was ruled out after Marc Guehi obstructed Chelsea's wall, drawing a furious response from Palace fans.

As expected, Nicolas Jackson was not in Enzo Maresca's squad after being made surplus to requirements, with Newcastle considering a bid, while Joao Pedro was preferred at number nine to fellow new signing Liam Delap.

Chelsea were playing 35 days after their win over Paris St Germain in the Club World Cup final in the United States and showed signs of mental fatigue in a first-half display low on creativity.

Marc Cucurella had the first of their only two chances, his near-post header looping towards the far corner where it was nodded off the line by the leaping Ismaila Sarr.

Eze looked to have obliged the headline writers after 15 minutes with an unstoppable free-kick that flew through the middle of the Chelsea wall and in, only for a VAR check to reveal Guehi had unfairly forced Moises Caicedo out of the ball's path.

Moments later Jean-Philippe Mateta broke into the box but shot too close to Robert Sanchez, who bounced the effort to safety.

There was little worthy of home fans' enthusiasm in attack in the first half, but they showed raucous appreciation for a wonderfully-timed, full-blooded tackle on Daniel Munoz by 19-year-old Josh Acheampong, making a third Premier League start in central defence, with Levi Colwill a long-term absentee and Wesley Fofana not risked.

With Maresca having been told to seek internal solutions to his lack of defensive options, the academy graduate staked a convincing claim for regular game time with a display of maturity and fulsome grit that was warmly received by an otherwise subdued crowd.

The best Chelsea chance of the half fell to Trevoh Chalobah, who fired high from eight yards after good work from debutant Jamie Gittens.

Estevao Willian was sent on in the 53rd minute for a debut and, with his first action, annihilated Guehi in a foot race down the right before crossing brilliantly for Enzo Fernandez, who failed to make good contact.

The Brazil international, still only 18 despite the hype surrounding his arrival from Palmeiras, betrayed his inexperience minutes later when striking wildly over the bar when off balance before being booked for lunging at Munoz.

Eze was again almost the story when he drilled at goal and brought a two-handed save from Sanchez, then at the other end substitute Delap shot straight at Dean Henderson.


10. European leaders to join Zelensky at White House meeting with Trump

The US president has since said he wants to bypass securing a ceasefire in Ukraine in favour of a permanent peace agreement.

Securing a ceasefire in Ukraine had been one of Trump's core demands before meeting Putin, but he afterwards posted on social media that they "often times do not hold up" and that it would be better "to go directly to a peace agreement".

European leaders have reacted with caution to the outcome of the Trump-Putin meeting, seeking not to criticise the change of direction despite their long-held support for a ceasefire.

Putin reportedly presented Trump with a peace offer that would require Ukraine withdrawing from the Donetsk region of the Donbas, in return for Russia freezing the front lines in Zaporizhzhia and Kherson.

Russia claims the Donbas as Russian territory, controlling most of Luhansk and about 70% of Donetsk. It also illegally annexed the Crimean peninsula in 2014, eight years before launching its full-scale invasion of Ukraine.

Ukraine's president has previously ruled out ceding control of the Donbas - composed of the Luhansk and Donetsk regions - saying it could be used as a springboard for future Russian attacks.

On Sunday, Trump's special envoy Steve Witkoff said Putin had agreed in Alaska that the US would provide Ukraine with "robust security guarantees that I would describe as game changing".

Witkoff told CNN that talks in Alaska "got to an agreement that the United States and other European nations could effectively offer Article 5-like language to cover a security guarantee".

Nato's Article 5 states that an attack on one member is considered an attack on all.

Putin opposes Ukraine joining Nato, and Witkoff said this arrangement could be an alternative if "the Ukrainians could live with that".

Witkoff also said Russia had "made some concessions at the table" about territory.

He added that the Donetsk region constitutes an "important discussion" - one which he says will happen tomorrow.

The BBC's US partner CBS cited diplomatic sources as saying that European officials were concerned Trump may try to press Zelensky to agree to the terms discussed with Russia in Alaska.


💰 FINANCIAL SECTOR UPDATES
----------------------------------------

1. [Finlight] Warren Buffett Doubles Down On America's Housing Boom, Upping Berkshire's Holdings In Homebuilders And Building Supply Firms By Triple Digits

Warren Buffett‘s Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE:BRK) (NYSE:BRK) has made a significant pivot towards the U.S. housing market, according to its second-quarter 13F filing for 2025, which was filed on Aug. 14, 2025.
The legendary investor established several new positions in home construction and building supply companies while dramatically increasing his stake in another, signaling a strong conviction in the sector.
Summary Of Berkshire’s Key Housing-Related Moves In Q2

Buffett Bets On Homebuilders
The most notable move was a 136% increase in Berkshire’s holding of Pool Corp. (NASDAQ:POOL), a distributor of swimming pool supplies. 
The position grew from 1,464,000 shares in the first quarter to 3,458,885 shares by the end of the second quarter on June 30, 2025.
Berkshire Hathaway initiated major new stakes in two of the largest U.S. homebuilders:
DR Horton Inc. (NYSE:DHI): A new position of 1,485,350 shares was acquired, valued at $191.49 million.
Lennar Corp. (NYSE:LEN): Berkshire added a new stake of 7,048,993 Class A shares worth $779.69 million. This is in addition to boosting its existing stake in Lennar Corp.’s Class B (NYSE:LEN) shares by 19%, from 152,572 to 180,930 shares. The total value of Berkshire’s Lennar holdings is now approximately $799 million.

Expanding Into Building Materials And Supplies
Beyond homebuilders, the filing revealed new investments in companies that supply the construction industry:
Nucor Corp. (NYSE:NUE): A new position of 6,614,112 shares in the steel producer, valued at $856.79 million.
Allegion PLC (NYSE:ALLE): A new stake of 780,133 shares, valued at $112.43 million.
These moves come at a time when the spread between U.S. home sellers and buyers is the largest it has been in a decade.
According to a Redfin analysis published on Aug. 4, 2025, there were 1,922,546 sellers and 1,413,331 buyers in the market as of June 2025. Additionally, mortgage rates have fallen to their lowest level in 10 months and the lowest of 2025, according to the Primary Mortgage Market Survey.
Price Action
Deere stock fell 6.79% on Thursday after the results and rose 0.18% in after-hours. The stock was up 14.51% year-to-date and 28.29% over a year.
Benzinga's Edge Stock Rankings indicate that DE maintains a stronger price trend in the long term but a weaker trend in the short and medium terms. However, the stock scores well on quality rankings. Additional performance details are available here.

The SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (NYSE:SPY) and Invesco QQQ Trust ETF (NASDAQ:QQQ), which track the S&P 500 index and Nasdaq 100 index, respectively, rose in premarket on Friday. The SPY was up 0.24% at $646.48, while the QQQ advanced 0.057% to $580.22, according to Benzinga Pro data.


 Jim Simons' Renaissance Q2 Tech Shake-Up: Adds Netflix, Apple While Showing Chipmakers Broadcom, AMD The Door


2. [Finlight] Warren Buffett Is Selling Apple and Bank of America Stock and Piling Into an Embattled Healthcare Stock Down 46% This Year

Apple has been dealing with tariff-related issues all year. Buffett and Berkshire may have foreseen this once President Donald Trump won the election, leading them to pare back their position. If Berkshire is concerned about the economy, perhaps paring back some of their bank holdings makes sense as well, as banks are typically cyclical.

There's also talk that Berkshire is staying conservative to prepare for the big transition that will see Buffett step down as CEO but retain his role as chairman of the board of directors. Longtime Berkshire veteran Greg Abel is set to step into Buffett's big shoes. Berkshire's stock got off to a terrific start this year but has floundered since the transition was announced.

While the bull market has raged for more than 2.5 years, Berkshire has plodded along conservatively, hoarding hundreds of billions of dollars in cash and cash equivalents, selling more stocks than it buys, and even turning away from share repurchases more recently. Given stretched valuations and the stock market's big run, many investors simply think Buffett and his team are not seeing compelling opportunities.

In the second quarter, Berkshire continued to trim its largest position, Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL), and its third-largest holding, Bank of America (NYSE: BAC). In the quarter, Berkshire sold 7% of its stake in Apple and 4% of its stake in Bank of America. Over the past year, Berkshire has reduced its stake in Apple by 30% and Bank of America by 41%.

While Berkshire has been quiet in recent quarters, the large conglomerate made some notable moves in the second quarter. Berkshire recently sold some shares in two of its largest positions, while piling into an embattled healthcare stock that has struggled immensely this year.

Each quarter, investors anxiously await Warren Buffett's company B erkshire Hathaway filing its 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, divulging what stocks Berkshire held at the end of the quarter, and, therefore, what stocks the company bought and sold in any given quarter. Investors are always looking for a glimpse into the genius of Buffett and his team of investors, especially with Buffett set to step down as CEO of the company at the end of the year.

Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway's team of investors continued a recent trend in trimming down their positions in Apple and Bank of America.

Story Continues

Playing contrarian on this healthcare giant

In the second quarter, Berkshire initiated a $1.57 billion position in the nation's largest healthcare insurer, UnitedHealth Group (NYSE: UNH). UnitedHealth's stock has been crushed this year and is down about 46%. However, after the news came out about Berkshire buying the stock, shares increased close to 9.5% in after-hours trading.

UnitedHealth has dealt with a flurry of issues this year, including higher medical insurance costs, which is a common trend across the sector. In the second quarter, management at UnitedHealth revised its prior full-year outlook down to $16 adjusted earnings per share, significantly below Wall Street's consensus estimates coming into the year.

The main culprit is medical costs, which management thinks will come in $6.5 billion higher than previously expected. The sector has struggled in the face of an aging population, higher utilization of and more expensive services, higher drug prices, and inflation.

Additionally, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) is probing UnitedHealth in a criminal investigation over the way it charges customers in its Medicare Advantage program. The Wall Street Journal has previously reported on suspicious billing practices that allegedly increase payouts to the company. In a statement in late July, UnitedHealth said it is cooperating with the DOJ but has "full confidence in its practices and is committed to working cooperatively with the Department throughout this process."

At their core, Buffett and his team are value investors, meaning they look for stocks with a market value below a company's perceived intrinsic value. While UnitedHealth has struggled and is forecasting a significant earnings decline this year, management is still projecting double-digit revenue growth in 2025. Furthermore, the company's balance sheet seems to be on solid footing. Sure, the company has high debt, but through the first six months of the year, earnings from operations of about $14.3 billion are still more than 7 times debt interest expense.

Additionally, UnitedHealth's dividend yield is now roughly 3.25%, while the company's trailing free-cash-flow yield is above 10%, showing the company can easily cover the dividend for the foreseeable future. In fact, UnitedHealth recently increased its quarterly dividend by 5%.

Ultimately, UnitedHealth trades at a lower-than-usual forward price-to-earnings ratio, despite expectations of much lower earnings this year, and at less than 1 times revenue. Buffett and his team value strong moats, so with UnitedHealth still controlling market share in the healthcare insurance industry, they likely see an attractive risk-reward proposition.

Should you buy stock in UnitedHealth Group right now?

Before you buy stock in UnitedHealth Group, consider this:

The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and UnitedHealth Group wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.

Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $668,155!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,106,071!*

Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 1,070% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 184% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.

See the 10 stocks »

*Stock Advisor returns as of August 13, 2025

Bank of America is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money. Bram Berkowitz has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Apple and Berkshire Hathaway. The Motley Fool recommends UnitedHealth Group. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.

Warren Buffett Is Selling Apple and Bank of America Stock and Piling Into an Embattled Healthcare Stock Down 46% This Year was originally published by The Motley Fool


3. [Finlight] Jack Dorsey Advocates for Bitcoin Use as Everyday Currency 'As It Was Designed to Be'

Block CEO Jack Dorsey has once again emphasized his stance on Bitcoin (CRYPTO: BTC), advocating for its use as everyday money, a vision originally proposed by Bitcoin’s creator, Satoshi Nakamoto.
What Happened: Dorsey stressed that Bitcoin’s ultimate purpose should be for daily transactions, not merely speculative trading. 
“We want Bitcoin to become p2p electronic cash and everyday money, as it was designed to be,” Dorsey stated in a post on X.

Dorsey’s comments were in response to a post by Entropy Capital regarding how Block has developed a comprehensive Bitcoin ecosystem. This system comprises Square, a platform that allows merchants to accept Bitcoin payments, and Cash App, a wallet designed for quick and inexpensive transactions. 
Other elements include Bitkey, a self-custody hardware wallet for offline Bitcoin storage, and Proto, a Bitcoin mining infrastructure.
Also Read: Jack Dorsey Says Bluesky’s Rapid Expansion Fueled by X Exodus: ‘Not a Great Way To Build a Product’
Dorsey’s message is unequivocal: Bitcoin is destined to become a part of everyday transactions, and Block is strategically positioning itself to facilitate this transition.
Simultaneously, Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has indicated that the U.S. is dedicated to exploring ways to accumulate more Bitcoin. At the time of writing, Bitcoin was trading at $118,473.47, a slight dip from its intraday peak of $119,399.29.
Why It Matters: Dorsey’s renewed emphasis on Bitcoin’s intended use as everyday money underscores the growing acceptance of cryptocurrencies in the mainstream financial landscape. 
With Block’s comprehensive Bitcoin ecosystem, the company is well-positioned to lead the charge in this transition, potentially influencing other companies to follow suit. 
Furthermore, the U.S. Treasury’s interest in accumulating Bitcoin signals a shift in governmental attitudes towards cryptocurrencies, potentially paving the way for more widespread adoption and regulatory clarity.

Here Is How Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey Plans To Expand Bitcoin Trading
Image: Shutterstock


4. [Finlight] What to Know About Russia-U.S.-Ukraine Peace Talks

How did Ukraine and the E.U. react?

Amid the setbacks for Ukraine, officials in Kyiv found one glimmer of hope. They seized on a U.S. proposal to include security guarantees for Ukraine, designed to deter future Russian aggression, in a potential peace deal.

Mr. Trump conveyed the proposal to President Volodymyr Zelensky of Ukraine in a call early Saturday after the meeting. It would enlist Kyiv’s Western partners to guarantee Ukraine’s defense against new Russian attacks. Crucially, Mr. Trump indicated that the United States was ready to participate in such guarantees — a shift from his earlier position that Ukraine’s postwar security should be left solely to Europe.

The outcome of the talks received a chilly reception in Europe, where leaders have time and again seen Mr. Trump reverse positions on Ukraine after speaking with Mr. Putin. But Ukrainian and European leaders also believe the worst did not happen. Mr. Trump did not limit European aid to Kyiv, or agree to hand over chunks of Ukraine to Russia — at least not yet.

The outcome of the Alaska meeting reveals an underlying problem for Ukraine and the Europeans. European leaders have no strategy of their own for ending the war, let alone for defeating Moscow. Instead, they have been racing to keep up with Mr. Trump’s variable stances, trying to hold him to certain red lines that protect Ukrainian sovereignty and European security.


5. [Finlight] Thinking of Buying Tesla Stock? Here Are 2 Red Flags to Watch

Key Points

Tesla’s heavy reliance on Elon Musk adds significant leadership risk.

Increasing competition from established automakers and Chinese EV makers is pressuring Tesla’s dominance.

Investors need to be comfortable with Tesla’s high valuation.

These 10 stocks could mint the next wave of millionaires ›

Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) has long been the front runner in the electric vehicle (EV) revolution in the U.S. Its innovation, brand strength, and rapid growth have made it a favorite among investors.

Yet, despite its impressive track record, there are two big risks that investors should carefully consider before buying Tesla stock today.

Image source: Getty Images.

1. The Elon Musk factor

Elon Musk's leadership is often cited as Tesla's greatest strength -- and, paradoxically, one of its most significant vulnerabilities. Musk's vision and hands-on approach have driven Tesla's technological breakthroughs and ambitious expansion. However, this heavy reliance on a single individual introduces what investors refer to as "key man risk."

If Musk were to step back from daily operations or shift his focus to other projects, Tesla might face challenges in maintaining its momentum. Though Tesla's management team has grown stronger, few executives command the same vision, drive, and public attention as Musk.

Recently, Musk's increasing involvement in political activities has raised concerns about potential distractions or reputational risks for Tesla. While the company has remained operationally strong, these developments underscore the uncertainty around its future leadership continuity. While Tesla's success lies not only with Musk but also with his team, which has executed well on his vision -- no one can build a trillion-dollar company alone -- there is still no clear successor (or a viable management team) . The silver lining here is that the Tesla board has become more serious about finding one in recent months, largely due to the CEO's active involvement in politics.

For investors, this means that Tesla's fortunes remain closely tied to Musk's presence and decisions -- a factor that adds a layer of risk to the investment.

2. Intensifying competition

Tesla might have been an early mover in the EV industry, but its dominance is no longer guaranteed. The industry landscape is rapidly evolving, with legacy automakers and new entrants accelerating their electric ambitions.

Companies like Ford and General Motors are aggressively expanding their EV lineups. For instance, Ford plans to introduce a $30,000 midsize truck by 2027. That price is significantly lower than the average for an EV, and Ford is investing $5 billion in its EV production to make it happen. GM, on the other hand, is working hard on next-generation battery technologies to improve range, charging performance, and cost.


6. [Finlight] Israel intensifies Gaza City attacks, forcing starving Palestinians to flee

UN warns of man-made famine in Gaza as starvation deaths rise and Israel steps up plan to ethnically cleanse northern Gaza.

Israel’s military has stepped up attacks on Gaza City as part of its expanded operations aimed at seizing the last major population centre in the enclave, forcing tens of thousands of starving Palestinians to flee again.

The Gaza City neighbourhoods of Zeitoun, Sabra, Remal and Tuffah have particularly borne the brunt of the Israeli bombardments in recent days as a spokesperson for the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said Israel’s plans to forcibly displace Palestinians to southern Gaza would increase their suffering.

Thousands of families have fled Zeitoun, where days of continuous strikes have left the neighbourhood devastated. At least seven people were killed on Sunday when an Israeli air strike hit al-Ahli Arab Hospital in Gaza City.

Also on Sunday, the Israeli military said tents and equipment to erect shelters will be provided to the Palestinians who have been displaced multiple times in 22 months of war, which has been called an act of genocide by multiple rights organisations.

Al Jazeera’s Hind Khoudary, reporting from Deir el-Balah in central Gaza, said artillery fire and air raids have forced many from their homes.

“The Zeitoun neighbourhood is a very densely populated area, home to many families, including those who have been sheltering there. Residents were surprised when the artillery shelling and the intensive air raids started. Some people stayed. Others started moving. As the violence escalated, many were forced to evacuate – hungry, devastated and displaced yet again, leaving behind everything they had,” Khoudary said.

Advertisement

‘New wave of genocide’

Israel last week announced plans to push deeper into Gaza City and remove its residents to the south, a move that has drawn international condemnation.

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who is wanted by the International Criminal Court for war crimes, said civilians would be moved to “safe zones” even though these areas have also been repeatedly bombed.

Nearly 90 percent of the 2.4 million Palestinians in Gaza remain displaced, and an overwhelming number of them are now facing starvation. At least seven more Palestinians died of starvation in Gaza in 24 hours, Gaza’s Ministry of Health said on Sunday, raising the war’s hunger-related death toll to 258, including 110 children, as a result of Israel’s ongoing siege of the enclave.

On Sunday, Israel killed nearly 40 Palestinians, half of them aid seekers, taking the total number of Palestinians killed since the war began in October 2023 to 61,827.

Hamas denounced Israel’s plan to set up tents in the south as a cover for mass displacement.

The group said in a statement that the measure amounted to a “new wave of genocide and displacement” and described it as a “blatant deception intended to cover up a brutal crime that the occupation forces prepare to execute”.

There was an atmosphere of despair in Gaza after Israel’s latest forced displacement order, Maram Humaid, Al Jazeera’s online correspondent from Gaza, posted on X.

“There are no words to describe how people in Gaza feel right now. Fear, helplessness, and pain fill everyone as they face a new wave of displacement and an Israeli ground operation,” she posted.

“Family and friends’ WhatsApp groups are full of silent screams and sorrow. God knows people have suffered enough. Our minds are almost paralysed from thinking.”

Displaced and desperate Palestinians are scrambling for scraps of food as they face more bombardment from Israeli forces.

The UN says one in five children in Gaza is malnourished as tens of thousands rely on charity kitchens, whose small portions of food can be their only meal of the day.

“I came at 6am to the charity kitchen to get food for my children, and if I don’t get any now, I have to come back in the evening for another chance,” said Zeinab Nabahan, displaced from the Jabalia refugee camp, told Al Jazeera.

“My children are starving on small amounts of lentils or rice. My children haven’t had bread or any breakfast. They’ve been waiting for me to leave with whatever I can get from the charity kitchen.”

Advertisement

Another resident, Tayseer Naim, told Al Jazeera that “had it not been for God and charity kitchens”, he would not have survived. “We come here at 8am and suffer to get lentils or rice. We suffer a lot, and we leave at midday and walk for about a kilometre.”

‘Man-made famine’

On Sunday, the UN agency for Palestinian refugees (UNRWA) warned that Gaza is facing a “man-made famine” and urged a return to a UN-led distribution system.

“We are very, very close to losing our collective humanity,” Juliette Touma, the agency’s communications director, said in a post on X.

She said the crisis had been fuelled by “deliberate attempts to replace the UN-coordinated humanitarian system through the politically motivated ‘GHF’.”

She warned the alternative system promoted by Israel and the United States “brings dehumanisation, chaos, and death” and stressed: “We must return to a unified, UN-led coordination and distribution system based on international humanitarian law. The abomination must end.”

The World Food Programme (WFP) says despite its teams “doing everything” to deliver food assistance in Gaza, current supplies only meet 47 percent of the intended target.

According to the UN agency, around 500,000 people are now on the “brink of famine”, and that only a ceasefire would allow food assistance to be scaled up to the required levels.

The Government Media Office in Gaza said Israel was deliberately starving Palestinians by blocking essential goods, including baby formula, nutritional supplements, meat, fish, dairy products, and frozen fruits and vegetables.

In a statement on Telegram, it said Israel was carrying out “a systematic policy of engineered starvation and slow killing against more than 2.4 million people in Gaza, including more than 1.2 million Palestinian children, in a complete crime of genocide”.

It warned that more than 40,000 infants face severe malnutrition while at least 100,000 other children and patients are in a similar condition.

Amjad Shawa, director of the Palestinian NGOs Network in Gaza City, told Al Jazeera that aid workers were struggling to respond as resources collapse.

“We are trying to do our best. We are … part of this social fabric. We are linked to the people here, and we are staying with them while Israel threatens to apply its plans to forcibly evacuate Gaza City and destroy the rest of Gaza. There are 1.1 million people here, most of them elderly, women, children and people with disabilities,” Shawa said.

He said workers continued to provide limited meals, medical care and education but warned that “the humanitarian system is collapsing” as Israel strikes aid facilities and restricts supplies.


7. [Finlight] Hurricane Erin weakens to category 3 as parts of Caribbean brace for tropical storm

Hurricane Erin was downgraded to a category 3 hurricane early Sunday as a tropical storm warning was issued for the Turks and Caicos Islands – and winds and heavy rains whipped the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico.

Erin, the first Atlantic hurricane of 2025, reached category 5 status before weakening, with maximum sustained winds of 125mph (205kph), according to the US National Hurricane Center (NHC) in Miami.

The storm’s center was about 155 miles (245km) north of San Juan, Puerto Rico, and nearly 300 miles (500km) east of the Grand Turk Island, moving west-northwest at 14mph (22kph).

A tropical storm warning means tropical storm conditions are expected somewhere within the warning area, and in this case, within 24 hours, the NHC said. Heavy rain is still expected across the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico, with rainfall of 3 to 6in (about 7.6 to 15cm), with 8in (20cm) in some isolated areas.

More than 159,000 customers were without power in Puerto Rico, a US territory, as a result of Hurricane Erin on Sunday morning, according to Luma Energy, a private company that oversees the transmission and distribution of power on the island.

Swells were also expected to affect portions of the Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Hispaniola, and the Turks and Caicos Islands during the next couple of days, the NHC reported.

The government of the Bahamas also issued a tropical storm watch for the south-east Bahamas.

Scientists have linked the rapid intensification of hurricanes in the Atlantic to climate change, which is driven by human-caused greenhouse gas emissions. Global warming is causing the atmosphere to hold more water vapor and is spiking ocean temperatures, and warmer waters give hurricanes fuel to unleash more rain and strengthen more quickly.


8. [Finlight] Trump admin under fire: Over 300 protests sweep 44 states; Texas Democrats outraged over Republicans’ push to redraw maps

Across the United States, pro-democracy activists and labor organizations rallied against the Trump administration's support for Texas's Republican-favored redistricting plan. Texas Democrats, who fled to Illinois to block the plan, prompted Governor Abbott to call a second special session.


9. [Finlight] US tariffs impact on jobs: Nearly 3 lakh workers at risk in textiles and gems; Here’s what experts say

The steep tariffs imposed on Indian exports to the US have triggered sharp debate among staffing specialists, with some flagging the risk of immediate job losses and others suggesting that India’s domestic demand and trade diversification could soften the blow.“The recent imposition of additional US tariffs is expected to have a direct and substantial impact on India's employment landscape. This will especially impact those industries relying heavily on the US market for business continuity and growth,” Genius HRTech founder, chairman and managing director R P Yadav told PTI.Yadav identified textiles, auto components, agriculture, and gems and jewellery as the most vulnerable sectors, warning that micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) will absorb the heaviest shock. He estimated that 2,00,000 to 3,00,000 jobs are at immediate risk, with textiles alone—being labour-intensive—potentially losing as many as 1,00,000 positions if the tariff regime remains in force for over six months.He further cautioned that gems and jewellery hubs in Surat and SEEPZ, Mumbai, could also face widespread job losses due to shrinking demand and rising costs in the US market.However, not all experts foresee an employment crisis.TeamLease Services Senior Vice President Balasubramanian Anantha Narayanan argued that India’s reliance on domestic consumption makes its job market less vulnerable than China’s.“At this point in time, we aren't seeing any signs of a slowdown or loss of jobs. This also by extension means that our jobs are largely in service of domestic demand too, with the exception of some sectors like ITeS among others. Our exports to the USA are USD 87 billion, which is roughly about 2.2 per cent of our overall GDP. Largely pharma, electronics etc. won't be affected for now, which will further limit the export exposure to industries such as textiles, gems and jewellery among others,” he said, quoted PTI.He also noted that the tariffs are yet to take effect, leaving space for possible negotiations. “On the other side, we've also had several positives by way of the recently closed FTA with the UK and other countries. Even if these US tariffs do come about, we'll definitely figure out a way of redirecting or diversifying our trade to other markets. Therefore, at this point in time, we aren't seeing any signs of a slowdown or loss of jobs. It's an evolving situation and we'll get to know more in due course of time,” Narayanan said.According to him, the broader drag on employment stems from global consumption slowdown, tariff uncertainties, and ongoing geopolitical conflicts.CIEL HR MD and CEO Aditya Mishra said the tariff scenario is unsettling exporters in sectors deeply tied to the American market—including electronics, textiles, gems and jewellery, auto components, leather, footwear, shrimp and engineering goods.“Even industries outside the direct tariff ambit, like pharmaceuticals, are feeling the ripple effect through costlier upstream chemicals and materials,” Mishra said. He added that uncertainty could persist through the third quarter of this financial year as negotiations unfold.While Mishra does not expect widespread layoffs, he noted that companies are already adopting cost-control measures—cutting discretionary spends, streamlining production, freezing hiring, and putting pressure on temporary and contractual roles. “The immediate pressure will be on temporary and contract roles, particularly shop-floor workers, artisans, sales and logistics staff, and some mid-level managers in export-led units. This will have a cascading effect on thousands of MSMEs in the supply chain, which collectively account for a large share of employment,” he warned.Mishra also pointed to potential spillover risks for IT and global capability centres (GCCs). “The IT sector is already experiencing slow spending and hiring, and this additional uncertainty could delay its recovery further. GCCs are likely to take a cautious approach to hiring and investments until there is greater clarity on trade negotiations and market stability. If the tariff situation persists, India's market share in the US could shrink, leading to longer-term repercussions for exporters and the industries that depend on them,” he said.


10. [Finlight] Prediction: 2 Artificial Intelligence (AI) Stocks That Will Be Worth More Than Nvidia by 2030

Investors should expect a significant slowdown in sales as Nvidia faces fierce competition for its share of data center servers and it battles with the law of large numbers. As supply-demand forces reach equilibrium, the chipmaker might not be able to command such high gross margins, either. That could weigh on earnings growth.

And on top of all of that, AMD is starting to show progress in catching up to Nvidia , while continuing to offer excellent price performance.

But it's unlikely to see growth continue at this pace. All four hyperscalers are working on custom silicon solutions for their own AI training. Microsoft is reportedly planning to shift a significant portion of its spending to its Maia300 chip in late 2026. Meta Platforms (NASDAQ: META) is working on expanding the AI workloads that its custom Meta Training and Inference Accelerating (MTIA) chips can handle.

The three main public cloud providers all reiterated that demand exceeds computing capacity, which means they will continue to spend growing amounts to meet their customers' needs. Meanwhile, Nvidia is selling chips as fast as it can make them. That led to a 69% rise in revenue in the company's first quarter, and a 59% increase in adjusted income.

Continued growth in AI spending is giving investors more and more confidence that Nvidia can keep up its torrid sales growth.

But two other AI stocks look like they could surpass investor expectations, pushing both companies to exceed Nvidia's value by 2030.

Nvidia is set to be the prime beneficiary of that increased spending for some time, but that doesn't mean the stock will continue to climb. Market prices are based on what investors expect in the future, and the expectations for Nvidia remain high.

The huge surge in value for the maker of graphics processing units (GPUs) stems from a few big tech companies spending hundreds of billions on its chips every year. The four biggest hyperscalers are set to spend around $380 billion on AI infrastructure this year, and they have guided for significant steps up in spending next year.

Since October 2022, Nvidia has seen its value increase by more than $4 trillion. To put that into perspective, no other company is even worth $4 trillion today.

Both trade at compelling valuations, especially compared to how expensive Nvidia has become.

But Amazon and Meta Platforms are two tech giants seeing very strong results from investments in AI, and their future could be even brighter.

Story Continues

But with the stock currently trading at more than 42 times forward earnings, investors seem to think those risks aren't going to materialize. I think it's more likely they will keep Nvidia from continuing to outperform the market at such a torrid pace, limiting how much more upside there is from here.

If investors want to buy shares of a big tech company capitalizing on the growth of AI, the following two industry giants present better value with more upside. In fact, I expect they will both be worth more than Nvidia by 2030.

1. Amazon

Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) is the largest provider of public cloud computing in the world with Amazon Web Services (AWS), making it one of Nvidia's biggest customers. While the company was caught flat-footed as generative AI took off in 2022, management quickly caught up with the competition thanks in part to its investment in Anthropic.

Management continues to see strong demand for its AI services, with revenue more than doubling year over year. However, AWS's scale has masked that strong growth.

The cloud services segment generated $116 billion in revenue over the last 12 months. That's roughly 55% larger than its next closest competitor, Microsoft. But AWS's 17% year-over-year growth looks disappointing compared to Microsoft's 39% growth in cloud services last quarter. Nonetheless, Amazon has mostly kept its market share despite strong growth by its competitors.

What's more important is that the margin profile on AWS is extremely strong. The operating margin of 36.8% over the last 12 months is up from 33.4% a year ago. And while it took a dip in the second quarter, that's due to the timing of share-based compensation. The long-term trend shows continued improvement in margins.

Meanwhile, Amazon's retail business is becoming very profitable in its own right. The North American segment saw its operating margin climb to 7% last quarter while the international segment's margin came in at 3.4%. Strong top-line growth of 11% for both helped, which was bolstered by high-margin ad revenue growth of 22%.

The long-term trends favor steady revenue growth across Amazon's businesses with particular strength in its high-margin operations (namely AWS and advertising). That should result in earnings growth well above average.

And as its spending growth on AWS slows down, free cash flow should rise to new records by the end of the decade. That gives the company more opportunities to invest for growth, just as it has managed to do throughout its history. The stock currently looks attractive amid a small pullback in price.

2. Meta Platforms

Meta is another major Nvidia customer, but unlike Amazon, it only uses Nvidia chips for its own AI needs. In fact, it might be spending more on its own AI needs than any other company in the world. And Meta's second-quarter results are a clear example of why it's willing to spend so much.

Sales grew 22% last quarter, and its operating margin expanded 5 percentage points. For some perspective, that's faster revenue growth than both Snap and Pinterest despite being a much bigger force in social media advertising. Meta's AI capabilities are a clear reason for the outperformance.

Artificial intelligence has led to better recommendations for both advertisements and organic content. As a result, the company served up more ads and was able to command higher pricing per ad impression. Meanwhile, it's seeing strong uptake of its generative AI tools for ad creation, which makes it easier for marketers to create and test new ideas.

There are a number of other opportunities that AI could unlock. Those include AI chatbots for businesses in WhatsApp and Messenger, which could drive increased click-to-message ads in Facebook and Instagram.

And management has said its Meta AI chatbot built into its apps now has 1 billion monthly active users, giving it yet another surface to monetize with ads. It only recently started showing ads in WhatsApp and Threads. That should give it room to grow supply as demand increases due to its generative AI tools making advertising easier.

Lastly, Meta is at the forefront of development in augmented and virtual reality. AI can unlock a lot of value in an environment that's also aware of your surroundings. The company has already seen strong early adoption of its Meta Glasses with AI built in.

Shares look very attractive with an enterprise value around 16 times forward estimates on earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA). While depreciation of its data centers will weigh on its margins, the company is proving the investments are paying off with very strong revenue growth and by unlocking a lot of potential profits in the long run.

Do the experts think Amazon is a buy right now?

The Motley Fool’s expert analyst team, drawing on years of investing experience and deep analysis of thousands of stocks, leverages our proprietary Moneyball AI investing database to uncover top opportunities. They’ve just revealed their 10 best stocks to buy now — did Amazon make the list?

When our Stock Advisor analyst team has a stock recommendation, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is up 1,070% vs. just 184% for the S&P — that is beating the market by 885.55%!*

Imagine if you were a Stock Advisor member when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $668,155!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,106,071!*

The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.

See the 10 stocks »

*Stock Advisor returns as of August 13, 2025

Adam Levy has positions in Amazon, Meta Platforms, and Microsoft. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Advanced Micro Devices, Amazon, Meta Platforms, Microsoft, Nvidia, and Pinterest. The Motley Fool recommends the following options: long January 2026 $395 calls on Microsoft and short January 2026 $405 calls on Microsoft. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.

Prediction: 2 Artificial Intelligence (AI) Stocks That Will Be Worth More Than Nvidia by 2030 was originally published by The Motley Fool


💻 TECHNOLOGY HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

1. Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems - SiliconANGLE

Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems

Two of the largest enterprise infrastructure vendors announced product line expansions designed to give customers more options for deploying artificial intelligence workloads at scale. New offerings from Dell Technologies Inc. and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. include systems and software updates that incorporate Nvidia Corp.'s latest graphics processing unit technology and AI software, alongside tools from other partners, to help organizations move from AI experimentation to production.

Dell said it's updating its AI Data Platform with new components aimed at improving unstructured data ingestion, transformation, retrieval and compute performance. The platform is designed to handle the full AI workload lifecycle, from data ingestion to agentic inference to knowledge retrieval.

A new unstructured data engine developed in collaboration with Elasticsearch BV provides real-time, secure access to large-scale unstructured datasets, supporting advanced vector search, semantic retrieval and hybrid keyword search. The engine integrates GPU acceleration and Nvidia NeMo Retriever microservices for use in retrieval-augmented generation applications.

The Dell AI Data Platform also integrates a federated SQL engine from Starburst Data Inc. for querying multiple data sources without moving the data, and an Apache Spark-based data processing engine for batch and real-time analytics. They sit alongside Dell's PowerScale and ObjectScale storage systems, which support structured, semi-structured and unstructured data.

On the hardware side, Dell introduced PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers equipped with Nvidia RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell Server Edition GPUs, which are data center-class graphics and compute processors built on Nvidia's Blackwell architecture and designed for AI inference, visual computing, engineering simulation and virtual workstation workloads. Dell said the new GPUs can deliver up to six times the token throughput for large language model inference compared to its previous generation, along with higher engineering simulation performance and support for more concurrent users.

The R7725 will be the first 2U server to integrate the Nvidia AI Data Platform reference design, a validated blueprint for building GPU-accelerated infrastructure. Dell said the pairing yields a turnkey system for fast inferencing, semantic search and large AI workloads.

HPE said it's expanding its line of AI-optimized systems with new configurations that also use Nvidia's Blackwell architecture GPUs, as well as the latest Nvidia AI models. The company said these updates are intended to support both agentic AI -- or systems that complete tasks autonomously or with little supervision tasks - and physical AI, which involves AI control of robotics and other hardware systems.

HPE is also adding new options to its Cray XD670 and XD675 servers that allow them to be configured with Nvidia GB200 NVL72 systems for large-scale AI training, or with RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell GPUs for inference and smaller-scale workloads. HPE said both are pre-integrated with Nvidia's AI Enterprise software suite, including the NeMo framework and pretrained models such as Nvidia Nemotron for agentic AI and Cosmos for physical AI applications.

The company is also updating its GreenLake for AI offering to support the new systems. GreenLake is a consumption-based model for deploying AI infrastructure, allowing organizations to scale GPU resources as needed while keeping workloads on-premises or in colocation facilities. HPE said its Private Cloud AI will support the latest versions of the Nemotron and Cosmos models, as well as the latest Nvidia Blueprint for Video Search and Summarization.

Both companies' announcements center on integrating Nvidia's Blackwell-generation GPUs and related AI software into systems aimed at enterprises. Dell's focus is on connecting AI models to high-quality enterprise data, especially unstructured data, while HPE is emphasizing large-scale training and deployment of both agentic and physical AI models.

The announcements are part of a broader trend by infrastructure vendors to provide turnkey AI infrastructure that combines hardware, storage, networking and AI frameworks in pre-tested configurations.

Dell said its updated AI Data Platform with the unstructured data engine will be available later this year, alongside the PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers with RTX PRO 6000 GPUs. HPE said its updated Cray XD systems and GreenLake AI configurations will also be available in the coming months.


2. China's Tech Boom Attracts Foreign Investment Surge

The rhythmic hum of robotic arms in Suzhou factories and the digital pulse of Shanghai's AI labs tell an economic success story decades in the making. China has surpassed its ambitious five-year foreign direct investment (FDI) target of $700 billion ahead of schedule, with utilized FDI hitting $708.73 billion by mid-2024 -- a powerful rebuttal to narratives of foreign capital flight. This milestone, achieved amid global protectionist headwinds, underscores China's transformation into a high-tech investment magnet where innovation outpaces politics.

Despite geopolitical turbulence and supply chain realignments, China's patient cultivation of foreign enterprise is yielding historic dividends. Ministry of Commerce data reveals foreign firms now drive one-third of China's foreign trade, contribute 25% of industrial value-added output, and account for 1 in 7 tax dollars. Critically, they've generated over 30 million jobs since 2019 -- equivalent to the population of Malaysia. The 14th Five-Year Plan's $700 billion FDI target, once viewed as ambitious, was eclipsed six months early. In H1 2024 alone, 30,014 new foreign-invested firms registered across China -- an 11.7% YoY surge. While overall utilized FDI dipped 15.2% to $58.9 billion due to 2023's record-high baseline, the structural shift toward high-value sectors signals enduring confidence. As Franz Decker, BMW Brilliance Automotive CEO, asserted during the opening of their Nanjing R&D hub: "China demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation."

China's innovation pivot is rewriting FDI playbooks. Foreign capital flowing into high-tech industries leaped from 28.3% of total FDI in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023 -- a trajectory accelerating in 2024. E-commerce services saw explosive 130% YoY FDI growth in H1, while AI, biotech, and advanced manufacturing drew multinationals seeking China's "new quality productive forces." The Third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in June became a showcase for this transformation, featuring BMW's new Nanjing facility -- its largest Asian IT R&D center -- designed to leverage China's "rapidly evolving tech landscape." Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang, attending CISCE, observed: "China's supply chain is a miracle -- the world's largest and most complex, built on deep technology, AI and software. Technology adoption here is so fast, it sets global trends." This tech-led FDI boom reflects China's 9% average FDI return rate -- among the world's highest -- and validates Beijing's 2024 Action Plan stabilizing foreign investment through streamlined approvals and market access.

The H1 2024 FDI dip requires contextual understanding. OECD data shows global FDI fell 7% in 2023, with developing Asia experiencing steeper declines. China's contraction aligns with this trend while masking sectoral dynamism. Crucially, reinvested earnings by existing foreign enterprises -- a key FDI metric -- remain robust as firms like BASF and Tesla expand Chinese facilities. The State Council's 24-point guidelines for foreign investors, emphasizing intellectual property protection and equal procurement access, further anchor confidence. As the Ministry of Commerce emphasized in its June policy briefing: "Quality supersedes quantity -- we welcome capital aligned with high-end manufacturing and digital transformation."

China's $708 billion FDI milestone proves its economic resilience isn't cyclical but structural -- built on world-class infrastructure, deep talent pools, and unwavering commitment to innovation-led growth. For global investors, the calculus remains clear: overlooking China's high-tech transformation means missing the defining economic opportunity of our decade. Explore partnership opportunities through China's International Investment Promotion Agency to position your enterprise at the convergence of technology and growth.

China's 14th Five-Year Plan targeted $700 billion in cumulative foreign direct investment between 2021-2025. Ministry of Commerce data confirms this goal was surpassed six months early, reaching $708.73 billion by June 2024.

High-tech industries now dominate China FDI flows, rising from 28.3% of total investment in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023. E-commerce, AI, and advanced manufacturing led growth, with e-commerce FDI surging nearly 130% YoY in H1 2024.

BMW CEO Franz Decker cited China's "remarkable vitality in digital innovation ecosystems" when launching their Nanjing R&D center. Proximity to tech talent, rapid commercialization, and supportive industrial policies make China indispensable for global innovation.

Officials attribute H1 2024's 15.2% FDI dip to 2023's unusually high baseline and global trends. The 2024 "Stabilizing Foreign Investment" Action Plan counters concerns through market access easing and IP protections.

At approximately 9%, China's FDI return rate outperforms most major economies, according to World Bank investment viability analyses. This sustains appeal despite geopolitical uncertainties.

Data contradicts this narrative. Beyond record cumulative FDI, 30,014 new foreign firms registered in H1 2024 -- an 11.7% YoY increase -- with expansions by firms like Nvidia and BASF confirming long-term commitment.


3. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


4. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


5. Economic Watch: China's AI Tech Boosts Global Trade Efficiency, Facilitates Supply Chain

Beijing: To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q and A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing. "Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

According to Namibia Press Agency, during discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade. Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model. "The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes. At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms. The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images, and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for the overseas market. Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba. As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in the global trade landscape. At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent, and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world." China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi, and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce. Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


6. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

A visitor tries a pair of glasses at the booth of TCL in the Digital Technology Chain area of the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China, July 19, 2025. [Photo/Xinhua]

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30% The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95%, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

Open Source

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40% compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10% of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9% year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


7. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

This photo taken on July 17, 2025 shows robots at the booth of Nvidia during the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China. (Xinhua/Ding Hongfa)

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


8. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


9. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


10. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


🎯 MARKET SYNTHESIS
----------------------------------------
Total stories analyzed: 89
Overall news sentiment: Positive (0.14)

Data Sources:
  • Financial Modeling Prep (FMP) - Market data & calendar
  • NewsAPI.ai - World, USA, and tech news
  • Finlight - Financial market news

================================================================================
END OF BRIEFING