PREMIUM MORNING MARKET BRIEFING
Generated: August 17, 2025 at 06:40 AM ET
================================================================================

📅 ECONOMIC CALENDAR
----------------------------------------
No major economic events scheduled for today.

📊 PREMARKET OVERVIEW
----------------------------------------
Index Futures: Markets closed - Weekend

Cryptocurrency (24hr):
  • BTC: $118,286.20 (+0.71%)
  • ETH: $4,544.21 (+2.69%)
  • BNB: $860.08 (+2.48%)

🌍 WORLD NEWS DIGEST
----------------------------------------

1. Asutifi South NADMO Director appeals for support for effective work - MyJoyOnline

National Disaster Management Organisation (NADMO) Director for Asutifi South District in the Ahafo Region, Johnson Opoku Tawiah, has appealed for adequate support for their work to be effective.

The National Disaster Management Organisation (NADMO) Director for Asutifi South District in the Ahafo Region, Johnson Opoku Tawiah, has appealed for adequate support to help improve their work

In an interview with Adom News, he explained that their work needs a lot of resources to sensitise residents to prevent of any form of disaster and also to support persons affected with disasters but sincerely speaking, less attention is given to the department concerning resources.

According to him, his department is embarking on education at schools, churches, and markets, among others, therefore, it will be good for the district chief executive, individuals, and companies in the district to support them.

"We have spoken to the DCE; we do not want any unfortunate incident to occur before we extend a helping hand. We have also engaged other NGOs so that they can support us with some equipment in times of difficulty. We are not going to rest on our laurels; wherever we visit ourselves, we continue to educate the public in places such as markets, schools, mosques, and filling stations," he explained.


2. Pakistan defends flood response after over 200 people killed in northwestern district

BUNER, Pakistan (AP) -- Pakistani authorities on Sunday defended their response to flash floods that killed more than 200 people in a single northwestern district last week.

Residents in Buner, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, accused officials of failing to warn them to evacuate after torrential rain and cloudbursts triggered deadly flooding and landslides. There was no warning broadcast from mosque loudspeakers, a traditional method in remote areas.

The government said that while an early warning system was in place, the sudden downpour in Buner was so intense that the deluge struck before residents could be alerted.

Lt. Gen. Inam Haider, chairman of the National Disaster Management Authority, told a hastily convened news conference in Islamabad that Pakistan was experiencing shifting weather patterns because of climate change. Since the monsoon season began in June, Pakistan has already received 50% more rainfall than in the same period last year, he added.

He warned that more intense weather could follow, with heavy rains forecast to continue this month.

Asfandyar Khan Khattak, director-general of the Provincial Disaster Management Authority, said there was "no forecasting system anywhere in the world" that could predict the exact time and location of a cloudburst.

Mohammad Iqbal, a schoolteacher in Pir Baba village, said the lack of a timely warning system caused casualties and forced many to flee their homes at the last moment.

"Survivors escaped with nothing," he said. "If people had been informed earlier, lives could have been saved and residents could have moved to safer places."

Idrees Mahsud, a disaster management official, said Pakistan's early warning system used satellite imagery and meteorological data to send alerts to local authorities. These were shared through the media and community leaders. He said monsoon rains that once only swelled rivers now also triggered urban flooding.

An emergency services spokesman in Buner, Mohammad Sohail, said more than half the damaged roads in the district had reopened by Sunday, allowing vehicles and heavy machinery to reach cut-off villages.

Crews were clearing piles of rocks and mud dumped by the floods. They were still using heavy machinery to remove the rubble of collapsed homes after families reported that some of their relatives were missing.

In one of the deadliest incidents, 24 people from one family died in the village of Qadar Nagar when floodwaters swept through their home on the eve of a wedding. The head of the family, Umar Khan, said he survived the floods because he was out of the house at the time. Four of his relatives have yet to be found, he added.

Authorities have warned of more deluges and possible landslides between now and Tuesday, urging local administrations to remain on alert. Higher-than-normal monsoon rains have lashed the country since June 26 and killed more than 600.

Pakistan is highly vulnerable to climate-induced disasters. In 2022, a record-breaking monsoon killed nearly 1,700 people and destroyed millions of homes.

The country also suffers regular flash floods and landslides during the monsoon season, which runs from June to September, particularly in the rugged northwest, where villages are often perched on steep slopes and riverbanks.

Experts say climate change is intensifying the frequency and severity of such extreme weather events in South Asia.

In Indian-controlled Kashmir, torrential rains triggered flash floods in two villages in Kathua district that killed at least seven people and injured five overnight, officials said. Rescue and relief operations are underway.

In Kishtwar district, teams are continuing their efforts in the remote village of Chositi, looking for dozens of missing people after the area was hit by flash floods three days earlier. At least 60 were killed and some 150 injured, about 50 of them critically.

Thursday's floods struck during an annual Hindu pilgrimage. Authorities rescued over 300 people, while some 4,000 pilgrims were evacuated to safety.

___

Associated Press writers Munir Ahmed in Islamabad and Rasool Dawar in Buner, Pakistan, contributed to this story.


3. [DEALS] Sterling Stock Picker: Lifetime Subscription (85% off) & Other Deals Up To 98% Off - Offers End Soon! - Java Code Geeks

JCGs (Java Code Geeks) is an independent online community focused on creating the ultimate Java to Java developers resource center; targeted at the technical architect, technical team lead (senior developer), project manager and junior developers alike. JCGs serve the Java, SOA, Agile and Telecom communities with daily news written by domain experts, articles, tutorials, reviews, announcements, code snippets and open source projects.


4. Pakistan defends flood response after over 200 people killed in northwestern district

BUNER, Pakistan (AP) -- Pakistani authorities on Sunday defended their response to flash floods that killed more than 200 people in a single northwestern district last week.

Residents in Buner, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, accused officials of failing to warn them to evacuate after torrential rain and cloudbursts triggered deadly flooding and landslides. There was no warning broadcast from mosque loudspeakers, a traditional method in remote areas.

The government said that while an early warning system was in place, the sudden downpour in Buner was so intense that the deluge struck before residents could be alerted.

Lt. Gen. Inam Haider, chairman of the National Disaster Management Authority, told a hastily convened news conference in Islamabad that Pakistan was experiencing shifting weather patterns because of climate change. Since the monsoon season began in June, Pakistan has already received 50% more rainfall than in the same period last year, he added.

He warned that more intense weather could follow, with heavy rains forecast to continue this month.

Asfandyar Khan Khattak, director-general of the Provincial Disaster Management Authority, said there was "no forecasting system anywhere in the world" that could predict the exact time and location of a cloudburst.

Mohammad Iqbal, a schoolteacher in Pir Baba village, said the lack of a timely warning system caused casualties and forced many to flee their homes at the last moment.

"Survivors escaped with nothing," he said. "If people had been informed earlier, lives could have been saved and residents could have moved to safer places."

Idrees Mahsud, a disaster management official, said Pakistan's early warning system used satellite imagery and meteorological data to send alerts to local authorities. These were shared through the media and community leaders. He said monsoon rains that once only swelled rivers now also triggered urban flooding.

An emergency services spokesman in Buner, Mohammad Sohail, said more than half the damaged roads in the district had reopened by Sunday, allowing vehicles and heavy machinery to reach cut-off villages.

Crews were clearing piles of rocks and mud dumped by the floods. They were still using heavy machinery to remove the rubble of collapsed homes after families reported that some of their relatives were missing.

In one of the deadliest incidents, 24 people from one family died in the village of Qadar Nagar when floodwaters swept through their home on the eve of a wedding. The head of the family, Umar Khan, said he survived the floods because he was out of the house at the time. Four of his relatives have yet to be found, he added.

Authorities have warned of more deluges and possible landslides between now and Tuesday, urging local administrations to remain on alert. Higher-than-normal monsoon rains have lashed the country since June 26 and killed more than 600.

Pakistan is highly vulnerable to climate-induced disasters. In 2022, a record-breaking monsoon killed nearly 1,700 people and destroyed millions of homes.

The country also suffers regular flash floods and landslides during the monsoon season, which runs from June to September, particularly in the rugged northwest, where villages are often perched on steep slopes and riverbanks.

Experts say climate change is intensifying the frequency and severity of such extreme weather events in South Asia.

In Indian-controlled Kashmir, torrential rains triggered flash floods in two villages in Kathua district that killed at least seven people and injured five overnight, officials said. Rescue and relief operations are underway.

In Kishtwar district, teams are continuing their efforts in the remote village of Chositi, looking for dozens of missing people after the area was hit by flash floods three days earlier. At least 60 were killed and some 150 injured, about 50 of them critically.

Thursday's floods struck during an annual Hindu pilgrimage. Authorities rescued over 300 people, while some 4,000 pilgrims were evacuated to safety.

Associated Press writers Munir Ahmed in Islamabad and Rasool Dawar in Buner, Pakistan, contributed to this story.


5. Scrolling through polarisation

Gone are the days when politics was confined to fiery debates & ballot boxes. Today, the battleground is virtual

Political opponents today, when they go to war, do not dive in with their guns blazing but with tweets and hashtags. Their followers pick up their line, and like a snowball, it gets bigger and bigger, and we witness the formation of extremely opinionated blocks where there is little-to-no room for what the opposing party has to say. That's the polarisation we hear about now and then. To an extent, the polarisation reflected people's awareness of their political realities and their engagement with them, but it has gotten to the extent of ideological extremes now. The political polarisation we are living through has also made its way to the online digital spaces, most commonly the social media.

This phenomenon may be centuries old, but Islamabad Policy Research Institute (IPRI), a quasi-government think tank, has studied it in a new light. In the book titled 'Impact of Social Media on Political Polarisation in Pakistan' which is a research study by Iqra Siddique, Faizan Riaz, Syed Hassan Ahmed and Noureen Akhtar discuss how when trying to study the impact of social media on political polarisation in Pakistan, the comparison between a tech giant and a socio-psychological incident seems quite vague. Polarisation was not something that could've been measured in kilos on a scale.

The research team from IPRI went about collecting responses from over a thousand social media users about their political perceptions, online behaviour, political polarisation and the impact of social media on their political ideologies. The respondents were not illiterate people scrolling through video content without commenting, sharing or liking, but the average university-going students who had basic knowledge of social media.

Respondents shared some interesting details about their social media behaviour and how it influences their online and offline interactions. Close to 70 percent of respondents agreed that they used social media frequently and that they ensured the authenticity of a post before sharing it. We do expect this degree of responsibility from university-going individuals that they make sure they are not disseminating some false information; however, sometimes it just becomes hard to sieve truth from lies, especially on social media. The respondents did not place much faith in the credibility of news circulating on social media, but almost 80 percent of them rated Twitter as a reliable platform for political insights.

It is interesting to note that not many respondents believed that social media impacts offline relations, but they did agree that it does shape and influence their political views. These respondents also agreed that their political beliefs changed significantly over the past 5 years. They also agreed that during the same time, polarisation increased in Pakistan's polity, and some 62 percent agreed that social media has made politics more polarised.

The study finds out that X has the most positive and impactful correlation with political polarisation, although tikok also shares a significant correlation, the direction is negative. This means that tiktok is not polarising while twitter is. The possible reasons for this are direct engagement of politicians and leaders with their followers on X, while TikTok is not considered as credible for political insights, besides, TikTok is primarily an entertainment app, which dilutes its polarising impact. Interestingly, YouTube and Facebook did not come out to be as polarising as per the findings of this study.

While the majority of the respondents thought that social media has caused polarisation, the experts believed that social media reflects the divide that exists in the actual political sphere. Social media only gives virality to issues at hand and acts as a catalyst instead of creating the divide. The massive dissemination, unaccountability, coupled with anonymity, is what encourages people on social media to go wild with their opinions. The experts identified a lack of media literacy, echo chambers, and real-life political incidents as the key drivers of polarisation on social media.

Have you ever wondered why, when you are looking for shoes to buy, you suddenly start to encounter shoe ads on your social media? That's because the social media companies are keeping track of your preferences based on your previous activities to keep showing you content that you like, so that you remain engaged and continue using the app. This is what we name as echo chambers, the app tries its best to keep you in your favourite bubble where you are shown posts about your favourite political candidate, the elections in your constituency, the presser by ISPR because you previously engaged with relevant content, now the app knows what you look for online.

Users often believe they're exposed to diverse viewpoints. In reality, echo chambers filter content to show only what aligns with their existing views. The respondents for this research did not believe that their political ideology was superior to that of others that people from opposing political parties may also have good intentions, but they disagreed quite emphatically that information coming from other political parties on social media may be accurate. This in itself hints at the polarisation we have been talking about.

As echo chambers are inherent to the working of social media, they cannot be entirely gotten rid of; instead, social media companies may be held responsible for reprogramming their echo chambers so that content related to real-life issues like mental health problems, education, and development gets more traction. Instead of giving more visibility to divisive content that is generating a lot of online activity, companies may flag potentially fake posts. This may further be enhanced by incorporating AI tools for fact-checking or employing independent fact-checking organisations.

The users may also be notified of fake content that they previously interacted with once the fact-checkers have established its credibility. Strengthening libel laws is not enough till people attain enough media literacy through courses in curricula or training. If political parties agree on a code of conduct and their spokesperson are trained to take a more moderate stance online, polarisation would mellow down naturally. Social media companies may award badges and access to enhanced features to those users who engage in positive discussions online. The battlefield of polarisation isn't the street, it's the scroll; social media can be polarising or non-polarising depending on how we use it.

Iqra Siddique is an assistant research associate and co-author of the study, "Impact of Social Media on Political Polarisation of Pakistan."


6. Flash Floods Devastate Campsites and Falling Debris Claims Two Lives in China - Internewscast Journal

At least eight people have lost their lives in devastating flash flooding that has ravaged parts of China, with four others still missing after two died at a recent beer festival.

The banks of a river running through the grasslands of Inner Mongolia burst at around 10pm on Saturday, washing away 13 campers on the outskirts of Bayannur, a key agricultural hub.

A search and rescue operation involving more than 700 people is underway, according to state news agency Xinhua. One person has been rescued.

Bayannur is an important national grain and oil production base, as well as a sheep breeding and processing centre.

China has faced weeks of extreme weather since July, with heavier-than-usual monsoon downpours stalling over the north and south of the country.

In the southwestern province of Sichuan, 'severe weather' on Friday killed two people and injured three others at a beer festival in the city of Mianzhu, after a truss fell on them, according to a local police report issued on Saturday.

At the other end of the country, a three-and-a-half-month fishing suspension in the southern province of Hainan ended on Saturday, state media reported, after agricultural affairs officials ordered ships to shelter in port owing to persistent, heavy rain.

The deluge in Inner Mongolia follows a deadly downpour in Beijing - just under 1,000km away - late last month which killed at least 44 people and forced the evacuation of more than 70,000 residents.

Northern China has also seen several instances of flash flooding and landslides in recent weeks.

Deluges in the northwestern Gansu province earlier this month left at least 10 people dead and 33 missing.

Heavy rains have also battered other parts of the country, with Hong Kong seeing historic downpours.

The central government announced last week £44million in fresh funding for disaster relief, taking the total allocated since April to at least £596million.

It comes after last weekend at least 15 people died after flash floods devastated parts of China.

The floods destroyed homes and roads, and left dozens of people missing.

Aerial footage from Yuzhong County in China's northwestern Gansu province showed the extent of the devastation.

Workers were called in to try and repair towns where the infrastructure had been ruined.

Some of the men were seen slipping in the mud that as they walk through piles of huge stones moved by the huge flow of water.

Chinese President Xi Jinping urged all-out rescue and flood prevention efforts.

The villages of Maliantan and Xinyaowanshe were nearly obliterated by the huge power of the water.

One witness likened the floods to 'a train roaring through the mountains' as the sound of crashing boulders came through their village, 24 Brussels reported.

The area of Xinglongshan, popular among hikers and outdoor enthusiasts was also covered by one metre of mud, cutting off access to walking routes.

Entire communities were reportedly cut off after more than 100km of road became impassible and five bridges were destroyed.

Some 37 villages were plunged into darkness after around seven power lines were damaged.

More than 2,500 homes were left damaged or destroyed as a result of the flooding

Rescuers told local media they were working 'around the clock' to support some of the most isolated communities, adding 'every hour counts when lives are at stake'.

Local media also reported that workers manage to rescue a dog which had been trapped under mud for over 30 hours.

Owing to the 'frequent occurrence of extreme weather,' Xi ordered all regions to 'resolutely overcome complacency' while increasing efforts to identify risks.

Weather experts link the shifting pattern to climate change, testing officials as flash floods displace thousands and threaten billions of dollars in economic losses.


7. TV 47: Ruto allies in Ukambani dismiss Gachagua's US tour as unproductive

Ruto allies dismiss Gachagua's US tour as unproductive.

Say Kenya has been calmer in his absence.

Call on Kamba community to reject opposition influence.

#TV47NewsNow

Thank you for watching this video. Kindly subscribe for more content from 'Home of The Untold Stories.'

*About TV47* 'TV47 is on GOtv (Channel 102), DStv (Channel 268), SIGNET, Gotv, BAMBA and STARTIMES. __ For Breaking News, kindly subscribe by sending 'NEWS' to 22047. __

Connect with us:

Website: https://www.tv47.digital/ Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/TV47KE Twitter: https://twitter.com/tv47news Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/tv47ke/ TikTok: https://www.tiktok.com/@tv47_ke Telegram: https://t.me/tv47_ke WhatsApp: 0797 047 047 __


8. Jim Harbaugh on NCAA penalties from Michigan's Connor Stalions saga: 'I'm not engaging'

Jim Harbaugh wasn't too keen to weigh in on his latest NCAA punishment.

The Los Angeles Chargers coach was asked about Michigan's penalties from the NCAA for the Connor Stalions scandal after his team's 23-22 preseason loss to the Los Angeles Rams. And Harbaugh made his statement about the matter pretty simple and straightforward.

"Like I said to you last year, I'm not engaging," Harbaugh said in his postgame news conference.

Harbaugh was given a 10-year show-cause penalty by the NCAA as part of the punishments for the advance scouting scheme. The NCAA said that Harbaugh had a frosty relationship with the Michigan compliance department and that "aspects of the record suggest that there may have been broader acceptance of the scheme throughout the program. At a minimum, there was willful intent not to learn more about Stalions' methods. However, the true scope and scale of the scheme -- including the competitive advantage it conferred -- will never be known due to individuals' intentional destruction and withholding of materials and information."

Stalions got an eight-year show-cause penalty and Michigan was fined tens of millions of dollars including future revenues. The school was not given a postseason ban, nor was it forced to vacate any of the wins accumulated during its 15-0 national title season in 2023. The school said Friday that it was appealing the penalties.

In the moments after the win, the Rams poked a little fun at Michigan's punishment on social media.

Harbaugh left for the Chargers less than two weeks after Michigan won that national title as it became clear during the season that he was not long for college football. Friday's show-cause penalty was the second one that he's received in the past 13 months. In August of 2024, the NCAA suspended him for a year and gave him a four-year show-cause penalty for recruiting violations.

Overall, the show-cause penalties mean that any school that looks to hire Harbaugh over the next 13 years must go in front of the NCAA and justify how his hiring won't lead to any other broken NCAA rules and the governing body has the right to stop the hire. However, given that Harbaugh is entering his second season back on the sidelines in the NFL, there's no current need to worry about his future in college.


9. Video shows remote cannibal tribe where explorer vanished while studying them

James is a NCTJ Gold Standard journalist covering a wide range of topics and news stories for LADbible. After two years in football writing, James switched to covering news with Newsquest in Cumbria, before joining the LAD team in 2025. In his spare time, James is a long-suffering Rochdale fan and loves reading, running and music. Contact him via [email protected]

A courageous camera crew has visited the infamous island where the son of a US vice president went missing, which is said to be home to a remote cannibal tribe.

While people love to travel to unknown places and explore different cultures, there are plenty of places on the planet that should probably be avoided, and I'm not just talking about the countries on the do not travel list.

Remote islands can often be incredibly dangerous as the people that live there often do so without modern technology or laws, which saw one American man killed with a bow and arrow after he approached the world's most isolated tribe in an attempt to teach them about God.

Another so-called travel influencer was arrested earlier this year when visiting the North Sentinel Island, home to the Sentinelese people, after allegedly leaving a can of coke there for them to find.

But that was a far better fate than Michael Rockefeller, the son of 41st vice president Nelson Rockefeller, who went missing and was presumed dead after his visit to a remote region in New Guinea back in 1961.

Rockefeller was travelling to the Asmat region of Southwestern Papua alongside anthropologist René Wassing when their canoe capsized around three miles from the shore.

While Wassing decided to remain at sea and wait for another boat, Rockefeller was determined to make it to shore, but he was never seen again.

Extensive searches were carried out for the 23-year-old but he was legally declared dead three years later in 1964, although his remains were never recovered.

Although his twin sister Mary had suggested that he had likely been overambitious in his aims to swim three miles to shore and had drowned, others speculate that he could have been eaten by the Asmat people, who were known for their cannibalistic rituals.

Given the island's history, you wouldn't blame people for never wanting to visit again, but documentary makers from Sliced headed there back in 2022 for a groundbreaking video.

The video shows the Asmat tribe's way of life, in which they have never tended the lend, but hunt and fish for their food. Women are responsible for doing the fishing, while the men stand guard.

A narrator in the documentary clip says: "Although the Asmat are no longer threatened by surprise attacks, they have kept their traditional distribution of tasks. The men defend the territory, while the women are responsible for the family's sustenance."

Men move in with their wives and their families after marriage, with weddings also including the traditional tribute of killing a cassowary bird.

However, the video also explains that the men no longer go head hunting, which is where they would brutally sever the head of a rival and sometimes even eat it for show.

Ambrose, one of the Asmat people interviewed in the documentary, said he feels their dead ancestors are 'furious' with them for stopping head hunting as 'their deaths are no longer avenged'.

We may perhaps never know what happened to young Michael over 60 years ago on his visit to the island, but his last words proved to be tragic, given the eventual circumstances.

After their boat capsized, he simply told his travelling buddy: "I think I can make it", before never being seen again.


10. South Korean found dead in alleged Cambodian scam compound; signs of torture reported

The body of a South Korean man has been discovered in an alleged Cambodian scam compound, wrapped in blankets and plastic bags, his face swollen and bruised, indicating he may have been beaten to death.

Cambodian police said the body was found on Aug 14 in Kampot province, inside a large dumpster alongside another victim. South Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs confirmed one of the dead as a South Korean national surnamed Park.

The ministry said it immediately requested a full investigation from the Cambodian authorities and is providing consular support to Mr Park's family, although officials noted that "confirming further details has been difficult."

What happened to Mr Park appears bound up in the shadowy world of cybercrime compounds. The site where his body was discovered is one of dozens of massive operations in Cambodia reportedly run by Chinese organised crime groups.

These compounds, often sealed off and heavily guarded,

are infamous for voice phishing and fraudulent investment scams.

Mr Park is believed to have been held inside before being killed by the gang.

The description of his body paints a grim picture. Local investigators reported extensive bruising and bloodstains, with swelling that suggests he endured sustained violence.

The brutality echoes accounts from survivors of these scam compounds. One 28-year-old South Korean man who recently escaped told South Korean media, "Chinese gang members will kill someone easily if money is involved." He described beatings, electric shock and waterboarding as routine.

Amnesty International estimates that more than 50 such scam compounds operate across Cambodia. Rights groups and local media alike describe them as places where national law enforcement has little reach, functioning almost as self-contained criminal enclaves.

Local reports suspect that an unspecified number of South Koreans may be trapped inside these compounds, deceived by job postings advertising "high-paying overseas employment" only to find themselves trafficked into forced labour once they have arrived.

Data obtained by the office of Mr Kim Geon from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs shows that the number of South Koreans reported kidnapped or detained in Cambodia rose from 21 in 2023, to 221 in 2024. In the first half of 2025 alone, officials estimate 212 cases, suggesting that the 2025 total could reach double the 2024 figure.

Despite the scale of the crisis, South Korea has struggled to intervene. Officials acknowledge that Cambodian scam compounds often operate beyond effective state control and that Seoul lacks investigative authority on the ground.

At present only one South Korean police officer is stationed at the embassy in Phnom Penh. Victims who contact the embassy are advised to report directly to Cambodian police, as the embassy cannot carry out rescue missions or investigations on its own. THE KOREA HERALD/ASIA NEWS NETWORK


11. Pakistan defends flood response after over 200 people killed in northwestern district

BUNER, Pakistan (AP) -- Pakistani authorities on Sunday defended their response to flash floods that killed more than 200 people in a single northwestern district last week.

Residents in Buner, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, accused officials of failing to warn them to evacuate after torrential rain and cloudbursts triggered deadly flooding and landslides. There was no warning broadcast from mosque loudspeakers, a traditional method in remote areas.

The government said that while an early warning system was in place, the sudden downpour in Buner was so intense that the deluge struck before residents could be alerted.

Lt. Gen. Inam Haider, chairman of the National Disaster Management Authority, told a hastily convened news conference in Islamabad that Pakistan was experiencing shifting weather patterns because of climate change. Since the monsoon season began in June, Pakistan has already received 50% more rainfall than in the same period last year, he added.

He warned that more intense weather could follow, with heavy rains forecast to continue this month.

Asfandyar Khan Khattak, director-general of the Provincial Disaster Management Authority, said there was "no forecasting system anywhere in the world" that could predict the exact time and location of a cloudburst.

Mohammad Iqbal, a schoolteacher in Pir Baba village, said the lack of a timely warning system caused casualties and forced many to flee their homes at the last moment.

"Survivors escaped with nothing," he said. "If people had been informed earlier, lives could have been saved and residents could have moved to safer places."

Idrees Mahsud, a disaster management official, said Pakistan's early warning system used satellite imagery and meteorological data to send alerts to local authorities. These were shared through the media and community leaders. He said monsoon rains that once only swelled rivers now also triggered urban flooding.

An emergency services spokesman in Buner, Mohammad Sohail, said more than half the damaged roads in the district had reopened by Sunday, allowing vehicles and heavy machinery to reach cut-off villages.

Crews were clearing piles of rocks and mud dumped by the floods. They were still using heavy machinery to remove the rubble of collapsed homes after families reported that some of their relatives were missing.

Sign Up For Free: Denver AM Update Your morning rundown of the latest news from overnight and the stories to follow throughout the day.

Sign Up View all of our newsletters. Success! Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter. View all of our newsletters. Featured Local Savings

In one of the deadliest incidents, 24 people from one family died in the village of Qadar Nagar when floodwaters swept through their home on the eve of a wedding. The head of the family, Umar Khan, said he survived the floods because he was out of the house at the time. Four of his relatives have yet to be found, he added.

Authorities have warned of more deluges and possible landslides between now and Tuesday, urging local administrations to remain on alert. Higher-than-normal monsoon rains have lashed the country since June 26 and killed more than 600.

Pakistan is highly vulnerable to climate-induced disasters. In 2022, a record-breaking monsoon killed nearly 1,700 people and destroyed millions of homes.

The country also suffers regular flash floods and landslides during the monsoon season, which runs from June to September, particularly in the rugged northwest, where villages are often perched on steep slopes and riverbanks.

Experts say climate change is intensifying the frequency and severity of such extreme weather events in South Asia.

In Indian-controlled Kashmir, torrential rains triggered flash floods in two villages in Kathua district that killed at least seven people and injured five overnight, officials said. Rescue and relief operations are underway.

In Kishtwar district, teams are continuing their efforts in the remote village of Chositi, looking for dozens of missing people after the area was hit by flash floods three days earlier. At least 60 were killed and some 150 injured, about 50 of them critically.

Thursday's floods struck during an annual Hindu pilgrimage. Authorities rescued over 300 people, while some 4,000 pilgrims were evacuated to safety.

Associated Press writers Munir Ahmed in Islamabad and Rasool Dawar in Buner, Pakistan, contributed to this story.


12. US Investors Snap Up Greek Homes for Booming Airbnb Rentals

In an era of globalized real estate, American landlords are increasingly turning their sights overseas, with Greece emerging as a prime destination for short-term rental investments. Take Alex Pettas, a California-based landlord who recently expanded his portfolio by purchasing an apartment in Athens for Airbnb rentals. As detailed in a recent article from Business Insider, Pettas acquired the property in 2024 to diversify his holdings and secure a personal vacation spot, and the venture has proven so successful that he's already scouting for more opportunities in the region.

This move reflects a broader wave of U.S. investors capitalizing on Greece's booming tourism sector. With Airbnb bookings surging over 20% in the summer of 2025, according to data from AirDNA cited in Travel And Tour World, the country has solidified its position as Europe's top summer hotspot. Pettas's story highlights how remote management tools and local partnerships can make international investing feasible, even for those based thousands of miles away.

Navigating Regulatory Shifts

However, this influx isn't without hurdles. Greece has implemented stricter regulations on short-term rentals since January 2024, aiming to balance tourism growth with housing availability for locals. As explained in an analysis by Elxis - At Home in Greece, these rules include mandatory registrations and limits on new listings in high-demand areas like central Athens, a response to skyrocketing rents and community backlash.

Posts on X (formerly Twitter) echo these concerns, with users discussing how foreign buyers, including those seeking Golden Visas, are driving up property prices and contributing to housing shortages. One sentiment shared widely notes the devastating effects on Greek residents, as properties are snapped up for Airbnb use, exacerbating affordability issues in cities like Athens.

The Boom in Bookings and Listings

Despite these challenges, the numbers tell a story of unprecedented growth. Short-term rental listings in Greece hit a record 242,000 in June 2025, marking a 17% increase from the previous year, per a report from Argophilia. This expansion is fueled by demand in iconic spots like Santorini and Mykonos, as well as emerging "secret islands" such as Naxos, which are redefining European travel patterns, according to insights in Travel And Tour World.

For investors like Pettas, the appeal lies in high occupancy rates and premium pricing during peak seasons. Bookings for short-term stays reached all-time highs in early 2025, as reported by bnbnews.gr, with projections indicating sustained momentum through the year. Yet, this saturation raises questions about long-term sustainability, especially as global economic pressures, including inflation and travel fatigue, begin to influence consumer behavior.

Lessons from U.S. Market Parallels

Drawing parallels to the U.S., where short-term rental listings have ballooned to 1.74 million -- a 75% jump since 2021, based on data from platforms like AllTheRooms discussed in various X threads -- Greece's market shows similar risks of oversupply. American investors must weigh these factors, learning from domestic experiences where declining occupancy has forced some owners to pivot to long-term rentals or sell.

Pettas's success, as chronicled in biztoc.com, underscores the potential rewards: his Athens property not only generates income but also serves as a hedge against U.S. market volatility. Industry insiders advise thorough due diligence, including understanding local tax implications and earthquake risks, which recent X posts have highlighted as growing concerns amid overcrowding and extreme weather.

Future Outlook and Strategic Advice

Looking ahead, Greece's short-term rental sector is poised for continued evolution. With tourism growth intertwined with immigration policies like the Golden Visa program, as noted in a Tornos News piece, savvy investors are diversifying into less saturated areas to mitigate regulatory pressures.

For U.S. landlords eyeing abroad expansions, the key is adaptability. Pettas's approach -- combining personal use with rental income -- offers a blueprint, but success demands vigilance on trends like sustainable tourism and enforcement of new laws. As one X user poignantly observed, the balance between opportunity and local impact will define the sector's trajectory, urging investors to prioritize ethical practices in this dynamic market.


13. Celestia (TIA) Price Surges 5% as Technical Indicators Flash Mixed Signals

* TIA currently trading at $1.86 (+4.97% in 24h) * Celestia's MACD histogram shows bullish momentum despite neutral RSI * No significant news catalysts driving recent price action * Key resistance at $2.04 could determine next directional move

The TIA price surge of nearly 5% appears to be driven primarily by technical factors rather than fundamental news, as no significant developments have emerged for Celestia in the past week. This price action suggests that traders are responding to oversold conditions and technical bounce signals rather than specific catalysts.

The absence of major news events has allowed technical patterns to take center stage, with the TIA/USDT pair showing increased buying interest near current levels. Trading volume of $9.7 million on Binance spot indicates moderate participation in today's rally, though this remains below levels typically seen during major breakout moves.

Celestia technical analysis reveals a complex picture with both bullish and bearish elements competing for control. The most encouraging signal comes from Celestia's MACD histogram, which has turned positive at 0.0121, indicating that bullish momentum is building beneath the surface.

However, TIA RSI currently sits at 52.29, placing it squarely in neutral territory and suggesting the recent rally hasn't yet pushed the token into overbought conditions. This neutral RSI reading provides room for additional upside before technical exhaustion signals emerge.

The moving average structure presents a mixed outlook for Celestia. While the TIA price trades above both the 7-day SMA ($1.83) and 20-day SMA ($1.76), it remains significantly below the 200-day SMA at $2.55. This configuration suggests short-term bullish momentum within a longer-term bearish trend.

Celestia's Bollinger Bands position at 0.7477 indicates the token is trading in the upper portion of its recent range, with the upper band at $1.96 serving as immediate technical resistance.

Based on Binance spot market data, Celestia support levels are well-defined with immediate support at $1.54 and stronger backing at $1.33. The $1.54 level represents a critical threshold that, if broken, could trigger additional selling pressure toward the stronger support zone.

On the upside, TIA resistance faces immediate challenges at $2.04, followed by the more significant barrier at $2.29. The $2.04 level represents approximately 10% upside from current levels and will likely determine whether this rally can gain meaningful traction.

The current pivot point at $1.83 aligns closely with the 7-day moving average, reinforcing its importance as a short-term directional gauge. A sustained break below this level would likely shift momentum back to the bears.

For aggressive traders, the current TIA price action presents a potentially attractive setup with bullish MACD divergence supporting the recent rally. However, the risk-reward profile suggests waiting for a clear break above $2.04 resistance before committing significant capital.

Conservative investors should note that Celestia remains 73% below its 52-week high of $7.22, indicating substantial overhead resistance. The proximity to the 52-week low of $1.35 provides some downside protection, but also suggests fundamental challenges may persist.

Risk management becomes crucial at current levels, with stop-losses recommended below the $1.54 support level for long positions. The daily ATR of $0.16 indicates that 8-9% daily moves are common for TIA, requiring appropriate position sizing.

Swing traders might consider a phased approach, taking partial profits near the $2.04 resistance level while maintaining core positions for a potential run toward $2.29 if momentum continues.

The TIA price rally to $1.86 reflects improving technical conditions, but faces critical tests at nearby resistance levels. While Celestia's MACD suggests building momentum, the neutral RSI and lack of fundamental catalysts suggest caution is warranted. Traders should monitor the $2.04 resistance level closely over the next 24-48 hours, as a decisive break higher could signal the start of a more substantial recovery move toward $2.29.


14. Fredrik Eklund's Rise from Sweden to $1B Real Estate Empire

Fredrik Eklund, the charismatic Swedish-born real estate broker who rose to fame on Bravo's "Million Dollar Listing New York," has long been a fixture in the high-stakes world of luxury property sales. His journey from Stockholm to Manhattan's elite circles began with no formal real estate background, yet he quickly amassed billions in sales through sheer charisma, strategic networking, and an unyielding drive. According to a recent profile in Fortune, Eklund's early career detours -- including stints in IT entrepreneurship and even a brief foray into adult films under a pseudonym -- shaped his unconventional path, teaching him resilience and salesmanship that proved invaluable in New York's cutthroat market.

Now, in 2025, Eklund continues to evolve, blending his television persona with groundbreaking deals that keep him at the forefront of the industry. Fresh off a series of high-profile closings, he announced a "billion dollar" milestone, reflecting not just financial success but a deeper passion for mentorship and innovation in brokerage.

Eklund's Pivot to Mentorship and Media Ventures

This year, Eklund has shifted focus toward guiding the next generation of agents, as detailed in a Bravo update where he described real estate as "my real passion." The Bravo article from August 7 highlights his team's achievement of over $1 billion in sales volume for 2025 alone, a feat accomplished through expanding operations across New York, Los Angeles, and emerging markets like Miami. Industry insiders note that Eklund's approach emphasizes emotional intelligence, a skill honed from his reality TV days, where on-screen rivalries with co-stars like Ryan Serhant translated into real-world negotiation prowess.

Beyond sales, Eklund is exploring new media frontiers. A September 2024 piece in Deadline revealed his collaboration with Evolution Media, the producers behind "Vanderpump Rules," to develop a new real estate series. This move signals Eklund's intent to leverage his star power for educational content, potentially disrupting traditional brokerage training with reality-style insights.

Record-Breaking Deals and Team Dynamics

Eklund's partnership with John Gomes, forming the Eklund Gomes Team, has been pivotal. As reported in a January 2024 Hollywood Reporter feature, the duo closed $3.77 billion in 2023, with 2025 projections even higher amid a rebounding luxury market. Recent news from X posts by real estate accounts like CityRealty underscores New York's booming scene, with Eklund involved in deals echoing the city's "Fab Four" assets -- prime properties attracting billions in investment.

One standout was a $44 million single-day win announced in April, per another Bravo dispatch. Such triumphs stem from Eklund's global network, built from his Wikipedia-noted roots as the son of economist Klas Eklund and grandson of Swedish actors, which infused him with a blend of analytical acumen and performative flair.

Personal Life Fueling Professional Resilience

Eklund's family life, including his twins with husband Derek Kaplan, often intersects with his career, providing balance amid relentless ambition. A June 2025 profile on Ludata explores how fatherhood has refined his leadership, emphasizing work-life integration in an industry known for burnout.

Yet, challenges persist. With market volatility -- evident in X discussions around New York's record land sales like the $810 million Fifth Avenue deal -- Eklund adapts by diversifying into tech-driven tools for virtual tours and AI analytics, as hinted in his social media reflections.

Future Horizons in a Competitive Market

Looking ahead, Eklund's "epic" next move, teased in an April Bravo piece, involves scaling internationally, possibly into Europe. His net worth, estimated at $40 million in a March 2025 CAS article, underscores his mogul status, but it's his authorship of the New York Times bestseller "The Sell" that cements his influence.

Critics and peers alike, as seen in a 2022 Gentleman's Journal deep dive, praise Eklund's self-made ethos: arriving in New York with "no experience, no Rolodex, no money," yet closing over $20 billion lifetime. In 2025, with updates from sources like Splatterly, Eklund remains a bellwether for aspiring brokers, proving that personality can be as potent as property in building an empire.

Legacy and Industry Impact

Eklund's trajectory offers lessons for insiders navigating post-pandemic shifts, where hybrid models and personal branding reign supreme. His story, woven through media like Yahoo's March 2023 career revelations, illustrates how blending entertainment with expertise can yield enduring success.

As New York's market heats up -- evidenced by recent X buzz on landmarks like the illuminated Flatiron Building -- Eklund's innovations position him not just as a seller, but as a shaper of the industry's future.


15. Aave (AAVE) Breaks Above $300 as DAO Funding Proposal Shows Bullish Technical Setup

* AAVE currently trading at $307.18 (+4.98% in 24h) * Aave's MACD histogram shows bullish momentum with strong upward trend intact * Aave DAO proposes August 2025 funding update including $2M AAVE buyback allowance

The AAVE price movement today reflects a combination of technical momentum and governance developments. The primary catalyst this week has been the Aave DAO's funding proposal published on August 13th, which outlines strategic initiatives for August 2025. The proposal includes bridging funds to Ethereum, creating a $2 million allowance for AAVE buybacks, and consolidating asset holdings across multiple networks.

While the market initially received this news with neutral sentiment, the buyback component appears to be providing underlying support for AAVE price action. The proposal demonstrates the protocol's commitment to token value preservation and operational efficiency across its multi-chain ecosystem.

Market participants are responding positively to the governance activity, viewing it as a sign of active development and strategic planning. The 24-hour trading volume of $23.29 million on Binance spot markets indicates healthy interest from traders capitalizing on the current momentum.

Based on Binance spot market data, Aave technical analysis reveals compelling bullish momentum across multiple timeframes. The most significant signal comes from Aave's MACD, which shows a histogram reading of 2.3978, indicating accelerating upward momentum. The MACD line at 5.7967 sits well above the signal line at 3.3990, confirming the bullish trend.

AAVE RSI currently reads 54.44, positioning the token in neutral territory with room for further upside before reaching overbought conditions. This AAVE RSI level suggests sustainable momentum rather than an overextended rally, providing confidence for continued price appreciation.

Aave's moving averages paint a bullish picture, with the current price of $307.18 trading above both the EMA 12 ($300.51) and EMA 26 ($294.71). The short-term SMA 7 at $308.99 shows minor resistance, but the overall configuration supports continued upward movement.

The Bollinger Bands analysis reveals AAVE trading near the upper portion of the range, with a %B position of 0.7211. This indicates strong momentum while still maintaining room before reaching extreme overbought conditions near the upper band at $333.74.

Critical Aave support levels begin at the immediate support zone around $245.00, which aligns with both technical analysis and the lower Bollinger Band at $238.51. This represents the primary downside protection for AAVE/USDT traders in the current market structure.

The most significant AAVE resistance sits at $340.49, representing both immediate and strong resistance levels. Breaking above this level would likely trigger accelerated buying and potentially challenge the 52-week high of $383.53.

Intermediate support can be found at the SMA 20 level of $286.12, which served as a launching pad for the current rally. The pivot point at $301.80 provides intraday reference for short-term traders managing AAVE positions.

Aave's daily ATR of $19.50 suggests traders should expect average daily price swings in this range, helping with position sizing and stop-loss placement decisions.

For momentum traders, the current AAVE price setup offers attractive risk-reward dynamics. Entry near current levels with stops below $286.12 (SMA 20) targets the $340.49 resistance, providing approximately 1:2 risk-reward ratio.

Conservative investors may prefer waiting for a pullback to the $286-$290 range, where multiple moving averages converge to provide stronger technical support. This approach reduces entry risk while maintaining exposure to the bullish trend.

Swing traders can capitalize on the neutral AAVE RSI reading, as it suggests the current rally has sustainability before reaching overbought conditions. The MACD bullish divergence supports holding positions through minor consolidations.

Risk management remains crucial given AAVE's 24-hour range of $290.22 to $308.01, demonstrating the token's volatility. Position sizing should account for the daily ATR of $19.50 when setting stop-losses and profit targets.

AAVE price action demonstrates strong bullish momentum supported by both technical indicators and fundamental developments. The combination of positive MACD signals, neutral RSI conditions, and the Aave DAO's strategic funding proposal creates a favorable environment for continued upside. Traders should monitor the $340.49 resistance level for potential breakout opportunities while maintaining risk management protocols around the $286 support zone. The next 24-48 hours will likely determine whether AAVE can sustain momentum above $300 and challenge higher resistance levels.


16. Canadian Government Ends Air Canada Strike via Binding Arbitration

In a swift move that underscores the delicate balance between labor rights and national economic interests, the Canadian government has intervened in the Air Canada flight attendants' strike, mandating binding arbitration to resolve the impasse. This decision came just as the walkout by over 10,000 members of the Canadian Union of Public Employees (CUPE) threatened to paralyze one of North America's largest airlines. The strike, which began on August 16, 2025, after protracted negotiations over wages and working conditions, led to the suspension of all Air Canada and Air Canada Rouge flights, stranding tens of thousands of passengers and disrupting global travel networks.

The federal labor minister's directive to the Canada Industrial Relations Board (CIRB) effectively ended the immediate threat of prolonged disruption. Air Canada announced it would restart operations on Sunday, August 18, 2025, following the government's referral. This rapid resolution highlights Ottawa's willingness to step in when essential services are at stake, reminiscent of past interventions in rail and postal strikes.

Operational Shutdown and Restart Strategy

The airline's decision to preemptively cancel flights starting August 15 was a calculated move to avoid the chaos of a sudden stoppage, as explained in a statement on their website. By gradually suspending operations, Air Canada aimed to manage the shutdown orderly, allowing time for passengers to seek alternatives. However, this strategy drew criticism from travelers caught off-guard, with reports of long lines at airports like Montreal's Pierre Elliott Trudeau International.

As restart plans unfold, industry insiders note the logistical challenges involved. Restarting a fleet of hundreds of aircraft requires meticulous coordination, including crew rescheduling, maintenance checks, and route reallocations. According to a report from CNBC, Air Canada expects to resume flights progressively, prioritizing high-demand routes to minimize backlog. The airline has also extended goodwill gestures, offering refunds and rebooking options without fees for affected passengers.

Union Grievances and Negotiation Breakdown

At the heart of the dispute are longstanding issues of compensation and workload. CUPE representatives argued that flight attendants have faced wage stagnation amid rising inflation and increased duties, especially post-pandemic. The union's first strike since 1985 was a bold escalation, signaling deeper frustrations within the aviation sector's labor force.

Negotiations broke down over demands for better pay for essential tasks like boarding and deplaning, which attendants claim are undercompensated. Reuters detailed in a recent article how the government's push for arbitration sidesteps a potentially lengthy strike but may leave underlying tensions unresolved, as binding decisions could favor management.

Passenger Impact and Economic Ripples

The brief shutdown affected over 100,000 daily passengers, with ripple effects on tourism, business travel, and supply chains. Stories from stranded travelers, such as those shared on X (formerly Twitter) by users posting from airports, paint a picture of frustration and financial loss, including missed connections and hotel expenses.

Economically, the strike's timing during peak summer travel amplified its impact. Global News reported that the disruption could cost the Canadian economy millions, underscoring aviation's role as a critical infrastructure. Air Canada's stock dipped initially but rebounded on news of the restart, reflecting investor confidence in quick recovery.

Future Implications for Labor Relations

This episode raises questions about the efficacy of binding arbitration in resolving deep-seated labor disputes. Industry analysts suggest it could set a precedent for other sectors, potentially discouraging strikes by signaling government readiness to intervene. For Air Canada, the focus now shifts to rebuilding trust with employees and customers alike.

Looking ahead, the CIRB's arbitration process, expected to conclude within weeks, will be closely watched. As noted in a CBS News update, full operational normalcy might take up to a week, with residual delays possible. Meanwhile, CUPE has expressed disappointment but compliance, vowing to advocate strongly in arbitration for fair terms.

Industry-Wide Lessons and Recovery Path

Broader lessons for the aviation industry include the need for proactive labor engagement to prevent such escalations. Air Canada's experience mirrors challenges faced by peers like Delta and United, where post-pandemic recovery has strained worker relations.

In the coming days, as flights resume, the airline's ability to execute a seamless restart will be pivotal. With updates from Air Canada's official channels indicating a phased approach, stakeholders anticipate a return to normalcy by mid-week. This resolution, while expedient, underscores the ongoing evolution of labor dynamics in a post-COVID world, where essential workers demand recognition amid operational pressures.


17. TV 47: Kericho Governor Eric Mutai impeached for second time, accused of assaulting MCA Dora Keino

Governor Eric Mutai impeached for the second time.

Accused of physically assaulting nominated MCA Dora Keino.

Thank you for watching this video. Kindly subscribe for more content from 'Home of The Untold Stories.'

*About TV47* 'TV47 is on GOtv (Channel 102), DStv (Channel 268), SIGNET, Gotv, BAMBA and STARTIMES. __ For Breaking News, kindly subscribe by sending 'NEWS' to 22047. __

Connect with us:

Website: https://www.tv47.digital/ Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/TV47KE Twitter: https://twitter.com/tv47news Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/tv47ke/ TikTok: https://www.tiktok.com/@tv47_ke Telegram: https://t.me/tv47_ke WhatsApp: 0797 047 047 __


18. Sources: Simons favors Chelsea over Bayern, City

Simons, 22, looks set to leave Leipzig this summer, with the German Bundesliga club demanding an €80 million ($93.6m) fee after signing him permanently from Paris Saint-Germain in January for an initial €50m.

- Transfer rumors, news: Follow ESPN's daily live blog

- Grading biggest completed transfers of the summer window

Simons netted 10 goals in the Bundesliga last season and provided seven assists in 25 games, but he only signed a contract until 2027 and Leipzig are looking to make a profit on any transfer.

Sources told ESPN in July that Chelsea were stepping up their interest in the Netherlands international and they are now willing to offer a fee of around €60m to sign him, while Bayern see him as the perfect replacement for winger Kingsley Coman, who left for Saudi Arabian side Al Nassr, and Manchester City also have him on their shortlist if Savinho leaves for Tottenham.

Simons would be Chelsea's ninth summer signing, with the club having already spent over €250m to bring in the likes of João Pedro, Jamie Gittens and Jorrel Hato.


19. VIDEO: Iko Uwais Pamer Aksi Pencak Silat di Upacara HUT ke-80 RI

© 2025 Trans Media, CNN name, logo and all associated elements (R) and © 2025 Cable News Network, Inc. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, Inc., displayed with permission.

Tentang Kami | Redaksi | Pedoman Media Siber | Karir | Disclaimer

CNN U.S. | CNN International | CNN en ESPAÑOL | CNN Chile CNN México | العربية | 日本語 | Türkçe


20. Zelensky claims Russia 'complicating' ceasefire efforts as PM meets allies

Russia is complicating efforts to get a ceasefire in Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelensky has said, as Sir Keir Starmer prepares to meet with European leaders to discuss the war.

The so-called coalition of the willing, the alliance which is planning to police a future peace deal in Ukraine, will meet on Sunday afternoon amid reports Donald Trump favours a Russian land grab to end the war.

Following the Alaska summit between Mr Trump and Vladimir Putin on Friday, the American leader suggested he wants to move straight to a full peace deal, rather than negotiating a ceasefire first.

The shift in Mr Trump's position appears to echo the Russians' refusal to agree to ceasefire before engaging in peace talks.

Several news outlets have cited sources which claimed that during the negotiations Mr Putin demanded full control of Donetsk and Luhansk - two occupied Ukrainian regions - as a condition for ending the war.

In exchange, he would give up other Ukrainian territories held by Russian troops.

Other outlets reported that Mr Trump is inclined to support the plan, and will speak to Mr Zelensky about it when they meet in the Oval Office.

Writing on social media on Sunday morning, the Ukrainian leader railed against Russia's refusal to lay down arms temporarily before agreeing to end the war.

Mr Zelensky said: "We see that Russia rebuffs numerous calls for a ceasefire and has not yet determined when it will stop the killing.

"This complicates the situation."

He added: "If they lack the will to carry out a simple order to stop the strikes, it may take a lot of effort to get Russia to have the will to implement far greater - peaceful coexistence with its neighbours for decades.

"But together we are working for peace and security. Stopping the killing is a key element of stopping the war."

The Prime Minister, alongside French president Emmanuel Macron and German chancellor Friedrich Merz, will host the coalition of the willing on Sunday afternoon.

The video conference will see allies who plan to keep the peace in Ukraine gather ahead of Mr Zelensky's visit to Washington on Monday.

The Ukrainian leader is expected to attend the Sunday afternoon video call, which is scheduled to take place at 2pm UK time.

Friday's summit between Mr Trump and Mr Putin in Anchorage, Alaska, ended without any commitment towards a ceasefire.

The Russian president described it as "timely" and "useful" after he left.

Mr Trump afterwards suggested it was time for Mr Zelensky to make a deal to end the war.

Sir Keir commended Mr Trump's "pursuit of an end to the killing", but insisted Ukraine's leader must not be excluded from future talks to broker a peace in Ukraine.

The Prime Minister and European leaders appeared increasingly confident that Mr Trump will offer a "security guarantee" of air support to back up allied troops on the ground in Ukraine, should they be deployed to keep the peace.

Experts have warned the face-to-face summit has risked legitimising the Russian leader, who has been made a pariah by the international community for invading Ukraine.

Mr Zelensky has warned Russia may ramp up its strikes against his country in the coming days "in order to create more favourable political circumstances for talks with global actors".


🇺🇸 USA MARKET NEWS
----------------------------------------

1. MMEA conducted 851 seizure cases, seized equipment worth RM84mil since start of 2025

PUTRAJAYA: The Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency (MMEA) has conducted 851 seizure cases involving various maritime offences since January to July this year, resulting in a total of RM84mil in seizures.

Its acting deputy director-general of operations, Rear Admiral (M) Mohd Zawawi Abdullah, said the cases involved offences such as intrusion by foreign fishermen, human trafficking, smuggling of cigarettes, alcohol, subsidised goods and vessel violations.

"There have yet to be any arrests linked to firearms smuggling, but the MMEA, with the cooperation of all enforcement agencies in the country, will continue to conduct operations and exchange related information.

"The most common forms of smuggling include cigarettes, human trafficking and drugs," he told reporters after officiating the MMEA Merdeka programme here on Sunday (Aug 17).

Regarding new methods used by syndicates, he said that drones are now employed to monitor areas before smuggling attempts are made.

"When I was working in northern Malaysia, they would smuggle cockle seeds, ketum and drugs, and usually syndicates would fly drones.

"Thanks to the partnership with the police and armed forces at the border, we foiled several smuggling attempts," he said, adding that the introduction of certain apps also became a challenge for the MMEA to conduct operations in the field.

Regarding new MMEA assets, he stated that the agency would procure items such as the AgustaWestland AW189 helicopter and the former United States Coast Guard Cutter (USCGC) Steadfast from the US to enhance its operations.

"We will receive four AW189 helicopters capable of conducting flight as well as search and rescue operations at a wider coverage area," he added. - Bernama


2. Bolivia heads to the polls as its right-wing opposition eyes first victory in decades

LA PAZ, Bolivia (AP) -- Bolivians headed to the polls on Sunday to vote in presidential and congressional elections that could spell the end of the Andean nation's long-dominant leftist party and see a right-wing government elected for the first time in over two decades.

The election on Sunday is one of the most consequential for Bolivia in recent times -- and one of the most unpredictable.

Even at this late stage, a remarkable 30% or so of voters remain undecided. Polls show the two leading right-wing candidates, multimillionaire business owner Samuel Doria Medina and former President Jorge Fernando "Tuto" Quiroga, locked in a virtual dead heat.

Many undecided voters

But a right-wing victory isn't assured. Many longtime voters for the governing Movement Toward Socialism, or MAS, party, now shattered by infighting, live in rural areas and tend to be undercounted in polling.

With the nation's worst economic crisis in four decades leaving Bolivians waiting for hours in fuel lines, struggling to find subsidized bread and squeezed by double-digit inflation, the opposition candidates are billing the race as a chance to alter the country's destiny.

"I have rarely, if ever, seen a situational tinderbox with as many sparks ready to ignite," Daniel Lansberg-Rodriguez, founding partner of Aurora Macro Strategies, a New York-based advisory firm, writes in a memo. Breaking the MAS party's monopoly on political power, he adds, pushes "the country into uncharted political waters amid rising polarization, severe economic fragility and a widening rural-urban divide."

Bolivia could follow rightward trend

The outcome will determine whether Bolivia -- a nation of about 12 million people with the largest lithium reserves on Earth and crucial deposits of rare earth minerals -- follows a growing trend in Latin America, where right-wing leaders like Argentina's libertarian Javier Milei, Ecuador's strongman Daniel Noboa and El Salvador's conservative populist Nayib Bukele have surged in popularity.

A right-wing government in Bolivia could trigger a major geopolitical realignment for a country now allied with Venezuela's socialist-inspired government and world powers such as China, Russia and Iran.

Conservative candidates vow to restore US relations

Doria Medina and Quiroga have praised the Trump administration and vowed to restore ties with the United States -- ruptured in 2008 when charismatic, long-serving former President Evo Morales expelled the American ambassador.

The right-wing front-runners also have expressed interest in doing business with Israel, which has no diplomatic relations with Bolivia, and called for foreign private companies to invest in the country and develop its rich natural resources.

After storming to office in 2006 at the start of the commodities boom, Morales, Bolivia's first Indigenous president, nationalized the nation's oil and gas industry, using the lush profits to reduce poverty, expand infrastructure and improve the lives of the rural poor.

After three consecutive presidential terms, as well as a contentious bid for an unprecedented fourth in 2019 that set off popular unrest and led to his ouster, Morales has been barred from this race by Bolivia's constitutional court.

His ally-turned-rival, President Luis Arce, withdrew his candidacy for the MAS on account of his plummeting popularity and nominated his senior minister, Eduardo del Castillo.

As the party splintered, Andrónico Rodríguez, the 36-year-old president of the senate who hails from the same union of coca farmers as Morales, launched his bid.

Ex-president Morales urges supports to deface ballots

Rather than back the candidate widely considered his heir, Morales, holed up in his tropical stronghold and evading an arrest warrant on charges related to his relationship with a 15-year-old girl, has urged his supporters to deface their ballots or leave them blank.

Voting is mandatory in Bolivia, where some 7.9 million Bolivians are eligible to vote.

Doria Medina and Quiroga, familiar faces in Bolivian politics who both served in past neoliberal governments and have run for president three times before, have struggled to stir up interest as voter angst runs high.

"There's enthusiasm for change but no enthusiasm for the candidates," said Eddy Abasto, 44, a Tupperware vendor in Bolivia's capital of La Paz torn between voting for Doria Medina and Quiroga. "It's always the same, those in power live happily spending the country's money, and we suffer."

Conservative candidates say austerity needed

Doria Medina and Quiroga have warned of the need for a painful fiscal adjustment, including the elimination of Bolivia's generous food and fuel subsidies, to save the nation from insolvency. Some analysts caution this risks sparking social unrest.

"A victory for either right-wing candidate could have grave repercussions for Bolivia's Indigenous and impoverished communities," said Kathryn Ledebur, director of the Andean Information Network, a Bolivian research group. "Both candidates could bolster security forces and right-wing para-state groups, paving the way for violent crackdowns on protests expected to erupt over the foreign exploitation of lithium and drastic austerity measures."

All 130 seats in Bolivia's Chamber of Deputies, the lower house of Parliament, are up for grabs, along with 36 in the Senate, the upper house.

If, as is widely expected, no one receives more than 50% of the vote, or 40% of the vote with a lead of 10 percentage points, the top two candidates will compete in a runoff on Oct. 19 for the first time since Bolivia's 1982 return to democracy.


3. Salman Agha named Pakistan captain for T20 series and Asia Cup | Ariana News | Afghanistan News

Pakistan will head into the upcoming Asia Cup and tri-nation T20 series in the UAE without star batters Babar Azam and Mohammad Rizwan, the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) announced on Sunday.

All-rounder Salman Agha has been handed the captaincy for the tournament, which begins with a tri-series against Afghanistan and the UAE on August 29, followed by the Asia Cup starting September 9.

Babar and Rizwan, who have been central to Pakistan's T20 setup in recent years, have not featured in the format since December. Head coach Mike Hesson explained the decision, noting that while both remain key players, the current squad members have been delivering strong performances.

"We know what a fine player Babar is," Hesson said at a press conference. "He has been asked to improve in certain areas, such as handling spin and increasing his strike rate. He is working hard on those aspects. For now, the players in the squad are making a positive impact, and we want to keep that momentum."

Since Hesson took charge in May, Pakistan have enjoyed mixed results: a 3-0 home series win, a 2-1 loss away to Bangladesh, and a 2-1 victory against the West Indies in the United States. The coach said the current focus is on building towards success in the upcoming competitions.

"Our aim is to win the tri-series and the Asia Cup," Hesson added. "We want the team to peak in these pinnacle events."

The squad includes the return of fast bowlers Mohammad Wasim and Salman Mirza, with Mirza back after his seven-wicket haul in Bangladesh earlier this year. Fakhar Zaman also rejoins the team following an injury that kept him out of the recent ODI series in the West Indies, which Pakistan lost 2-1.

Pakistan squad: Salman Agha (captain), Saim Ayub, Fakhar Zaman, Sahibzada Farhan, Hasan Nawaz, Salman Mirza, Mohammad Haris, Mohammad Nawaz, Shaheen Shah Afridi, Haris Rauf, Hasan Ali, Hussain Talat, Sufiyan Muqeem, Abrar Ahmed, Khushdil Shah, Faheem Ashraf, Mohammad Wasim.

Afghanistan has not yet named its squad for the series or the Asia Cup.


4. Trump's takeover of Washington law enforcement faces anger, pushback and protests

WASHINGTON -- Members of the United States National Guard stood near the Washington Monument on Saturday amid escalating tensions in the U.S. capital as President Donald Trump ramped up the presence of law enforcement in the mostly Democratic city.

Tourists walking by the uniformed troops in Washington's blistering weekend heat were confused about their presence, with a group from Kentucky asking why the troops were even there. Some families requested photos with the troops and the National Guard members obliged.

The sight of army-fatigued National Guard members and face-covered police agents has increased in Washington throughout the week after Trump signed an executive order declaring a crime emergency in the nation's capital.

Many residents of Washington are outraged by Trump's overreach, with scores taking to the streets on Saturday to protest the president's takeover. People held signs that read "Hands off DC" and "Dump Trump" while chanting "Trump must go" as they walked toward the White House.

Autumn Tustin, holding a sign that said "No ICE! No National Guard!" said it was important to show up for the demonstration outside the White House because other people don't feel safe coming out to push against Trump's agenda to take over the capital.

"Being part of a movement feels like the best thing we can do at this point," she told The Canadian Press.

Tustin said sometimes it feels like "frogs in a boiling pot of water," where there are a lot of ongoing changes that have huge consequences down the road.

She has seen several National Guard members in tourist areas, describing it as "bizarre" and a "waste of talent and money."

On Saturday, West Virginia, Ohio and South Carolina authorized hundreds of additional National Guard members to head to Washington.

"West Virginia is proud to stand with President Trump in his effort to restore pride and beauty to our nation's capital," West Virginia Gov. Patrick Morrisey said.

Hundreds of federal law enforcement officers from agencies such as the Secret Service and U.S. Immigrations and Customs Enforcement have also fanned across the city.

Social media platforms have since filled with videos and pictures of federal agents descending on neighbourhoods -- apprehending delivery drivers, dismantling homeless camps and approaching people on the city's public transportation system and in local parks.

One viral video showed a man hurling a sandwich at a federal law-enforcement official. Following the incident, sandwich-thrower Sean Charles Dunn was fired from his job in the U.S. Justice Department and charged with a felony.

Trump's takeover has caused outrage from Washington residents but there's little city leaders are able to do to stop it. The District of Columbia is uniquely controlled by the federal government and local leaders are obliged to co-operate with Trump's order.

Democratic Mayor Muriel Bowser, in a letter to residents, said the city's "limited self-government has never faced the type of test we are facing right now."

Trump on Monday claimed he had to take the action because crime "is getting worse, not getting better," even as police data shows that violence in the capital city is falling.

Washington has been plagued by violent crime, particularly during drug epidemics of the 1980s and early 1990s. There was a spike in violent crime again in 2023 but it plummeted the following year and has declined again so far in 2025.

Much of the National Guard presence in Washington appears symbolic, with members roasting in the summer heat near national monuments and museums. Other law enforcement agencies, however, have descended throughout the city, evoking anger and fear in many local residents.

There's been a clear increase in police presence in neighbourhoods like the dense and diverse Columbia Heights, and on Friday night in entertainment districts like U Street, 14th Street and 16th Street, north of the White House.

It's less clear how much, if any, policing has increased in areas in the southeast that have higher crime rates.

Trump was at his Virginia golf club Saturday.

-- With files from The Associated Press

This report by The Canadian Press was first published Aug. 16, 2025.

Kelly Geraldine Malone, The Canadian Press


5. Russia seeks to comprehend fully the various constraints on Trump

Another round of negotiations between Trump's envoy Steve Witkoff and the Russian leadership? A meeting between Witkoff and President Putin is now imminent. At the same time, General Keith Kellogg has been in Kiev. This comes as Trump's so-called 'ultimatum' is set to expire - although Trump himself casts doubt whether the sanctions that may follow might not 'bother' Putin at all.

Has anything changed - beyond Russia's accelerating advances across the extent of the contact line?

In one sense, nothing has changed. The Russian position remains as set out by President Putin on 14 June 2024. Has the U.S. position changed? No.

TRUTH LIVES on at https://sgtreport.tv/

Earlier this month, Trump 'whisperer' General Kellogg suggested that the U.S. deploy all of its ballistic-missile submarines to see whether Putin was "bluffing". So there you have it: Kellogg continues to believe that Putin is 'bluffing'. It seems that the Kellogg faction in Team Trump simply cannot either hear or assimilate what Putin has been telling them since June 2024 ('root causes are what matters').

For Kellogg, et al, pressure on Putin alone is what will bring the Kellogg ceasefire.

The Chair of Russia's Federation Committee on International Affairs Grigory Karasin, a senior Russian negotiator, laid out the situation very clearly: "All the emotions now dominating the media space - with all these statements and references to big names, such as Trump - should be taken calmly", Karasin told Izvestia:

"There will be contacts with him [Witkoff] that will reveal what the United States actually thinks, not for the public eye - about the absolutely destructive role currently played by the European Union countries, which tightly control the Zelensky regime. All of that will be discussed. I believe that following these contacts, we will at least know everything of substance. Therefore, we must remain patient, composed, and resist emotional responses".

It seems that, from the Russian perspective, the purpose is to fully understand the U.S. framework of limitations within which Trump operates.

It is within this 'limitations' context that Trump's comments about having two Ohio class nuclear submarines "cruise the coast" of Russia must be understood. He and his close adviser Kellogg's statements on submarines reflect a miscasting of the role of second strike submarines -they must lie silently, and undetected, on the ocean floor, and absolutely not be flaunted in full view!.

But in Trump's case, his silly comment was perhaps designed more for domestic effect. Trump is under multiple pressures. He is entrapped by metastasizing Epstein allegations (with more shoes set to drop reportedly). And like a number of past U.S. Presidents, he is trapped by Israel - whether by the web of donors and big money interests, or be it, like Clinton, by more salacious and damaging threats.

Sensing weakness, the Republican Old Guard led by Mitch McConnell and Senator Graham espy an opportunity to weaken the MAGA constituency, and return the GOP from its populist flowering to its traditional 'Country Club' uniparty leadership.

A powerful Senate committee has voted - with strong support from both Democrats and Trump's fellow Republicans - to send a spending measure that includes $1 billion of support for Ukraine to a full vote in the Senate, despite the Administration having asked Congress to eliminate such funding in its defence budget request.

Separately, Republican Senator Murkowski and Democrat Shaheen, both members of the Appropriations Committee, have introduced a bill that would provide $54.6 billion in aid to Ukraine over the next two years. (The Murkowski-Shaheen bill faces a stiff struggle to become law).

Trump, of course, had campaigned on the platform of no further funding for the Ukraine war to his MAGA base. Should the $1 billion measure pass, his MAGA supporters - already infuriated by what they claim to be an Epstein cover up - will feel a further betrayal.

No President can afford to appear that he is being steamrollered by Congress, not least over a key campaign promise. He (or she) must seek to dominate Congress, and not become its cat-paw - especially as the Senate furore for sanctions is all about blocking Trump's way to strategic normalisation with Russia.

It may be that Trump's 'sub-deployment' statement therefore was made more for Congressional 'effect' - to foreground his 'tough' approach towards Russia, and to imply he has other tools, beyond sanctions, (on which he is a sceptic).


6. Lawyer 'very confident' a foreign adversary attacked Canadian diplomats in Cuba

OTTAWA -- A lawyer for Canadian diplomats and their families says he believes the mysterious ailments they suffered in Cuba were caused by a foreign adversary, despite a federal government report that dismisses the theory.

Eight years after foreign service officials and their dependants began reporting such symptoms as headaches, memory loss, mood changes, vision problems, nausea and nosebleeds, a legal action against Ottawa over the health problems is still grinding along in Federal Court.

The 17 plaintiffs, who seek millions of dollars in damages, allege the Canadian government failed to protect them, hid crucial information and downplayed the seriousness of the risks. The government has denied negligence and wrongdoing.

Several U.S. personnel who worked in Cuba have reported similar health issues, commonly known as Havana Syndrome. Theories about the cause have included pesticide spraying, the effect of chirping crickets, malfunctioning eavesdropping devices, and targeted energy or sonic attacks by an enemy state.

The Canadian government says it has found no evidence of foul play by a foreign adversary.

A Global Affairs Canada report completed in August 2024 says the department has concluded that the unexplained health incidents "were not the result of a malicious act of a foreign actor."

The report, drawing on the work of an interdepartmental task force and external experts, says pre-existing medical conditions, environmental factors and conventional illnesses "were likely to have been important factors in many of the symptoms experienced."

The report adds that the findings "do not cast doubt on the authenticity of the symptoms reported by staff members and their dependants."

Paul Miller, a lawyer for the plaintiffs, told The Canadian Press he is "very confident" a foreign actor is to blame for the Canadians' health difficulties.

"I really trust the people that I have spoken with and met with," he said.

"I have absolutely no faith in the (Global Affairs Canada) report because they are trying to put out the narrative that works for them."

The plaintiffs' court action, filed in 2019, remains unresolved.

Three years ago, the parties agreed to the appointment of a former Supreme Court judge to mediate the claims of nine family members in the case.

Miller said the two days of talks in early 2023 "just went nowhere."

He said he has made efforts to file new information in the case but the material is being treated as confidential pending the resolution of concerns about the disclosure of sensitive or potentially injurious information, as defined by the Canada Evidence Act.

The Global Affairs report traces the various steps federal agencies have taken over the years in response to the illness complaints, including security, medical and environmental assessments.

A multi-agency Integrated National Security Enforcement Team, led by the RCMP, opened an investigation in June 2017.

Global Affairs and RCMP officials began travelling regularly to Cuba as part of the investigation to look at the possibility of malicious attacks, the report says. Canadian officials also shared information with foreign partners, including the United States.

In 2019, instruments designed to detect and capture evidence of acoustic and radiation surges, and to measure environmental effects -- such as temperature, humidity, barometric pressure and ozone levels -- were installed in the living quarters of Canadian staff in Havana.

"The data collected from the instruments did not provide relevant and probative information to identify a cause for the symptoms," the Global Affairs report says. "As such, in 2022, the instruments were removed."

The integrated national security team concluded "there was no criminality and no evidence attributing these health symptoms to a foreign actor," the report adds.

"In their conclusions, the RCMP and other domestic partner agencies assess that there is no known criminality, no known attribution for (unexplained health incidents) and no patterns related to symptoms, age, gender, location, or other variable."

The U.S. intelligence community looked at possible evidence of a foreign adversary's involvement, the feasibility of tools that could cause the reported symptoms and whether medical analysis could help find answers.

A March 1, 2023, report from the U.S. National Intelligence Council said these lines of inquiry led most intelligence community agencies to conclude -- with varying levels of confidence -- that it was "very unlikely" a foreign adversary was responsible for the health issues reported by American personnel.

Global Affairs, the Canadian Security Intelligence Service and the RCMP subsequently met to discuss the U.S. council's findings.

The RCMP indicated that "since no criminality was uncovered, its criminal investigation would be concluded," and CSIS advised it also would be wrapping up its investigations for similar reasons, the Global Affairs report says.

Overall, the Canadian efforts "have not uncovered a clear common cause of the symptoms experienced by government of Canada employees," the report adds. "Canada's findings are aligned with the conclusions of the United States on their various health studies and the security report published by the National Intelligence Council."

Miller points to other research and testimony that challenge those findings.

Lawyer Mark Zaid, representing several U.S. personnel with symptoms, told a congressional hearing in May 2024 there was intelligence, scientific and medical evidence substantiating the reports of anomalous health incidents, and that some were caused by a foreign adversary.

Zaid, who had authorized access to secret details, said he was convinced that "the evidence that exists in the classified arena directly contradicts the public conclusions" provided by U.S. federal agencies about the cause of the health symptoms.

Global Affairs says it stands by the findings of its 2024 report.

Department spokesperson John Babcock said the foreign ministry continues to support the Canadian diplomats and their dependants.

"For privacy and security reasons, Global Affairs Canada cannot comment on the specifics of the ongoing investigations, individual cases, nor on specific security measures," he said in an emailed response to questions.

"We cannot provide further comment on this matter as it is before the courts."

Internal Global Affairs notes -- prepared last year to help answer questions about the department's report -- say the unexplained health incidents "highlighted the challenges of providing responsive health care to diplomats and their families in the context of unforeseen crisis situations abroad."

The notes, obtained through the Access to Information Act, say the department had initiated a "thorough review" of the department's overseas health program for employees and their dependants in missions around the world.

This report by The Canadian Press was first published Aug. 17, 2025.

Jim Bronskill, The Canadian Press


7. Hurricane Erin decreases to Category 3, expected turn to the north on Monday

Erin has dropped to a Category 3 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale with maximum sustained winds near 125 mph, as of the 5 a.m. National Hurricane Center update.

Some fluctuations in intensity are expected over the next couple of days due to inner-core structural changes.

The minimum pressure rose to near 940 mb (27.76 inches).

At 5 a.m., Hurricane Erin was about 155 miles northeast of San Juan, Puerto Rico.

Erin is moving toward the west-northwest at 14 mph. A turn toward the north is expected to occur early next week.

On the forecast track, the center of Erin is expected to move just north of the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico through Sunday, and pass to the east of the Turks and Caicos Islands and the southeastern Bahamas Sunday night and Monday.

Tropical Storm Warnings have been issued for the Turks and Caicos Islands and Tropical Storm Watches for the Southeast Bahamas.

Hurricane-force winds extend outward up to 30 miles from the center, and tropical-storm-force winds extend outward up to 185 miles.

The outer bands of Erin will continue to produce areas of heavy rainfall through Sunday across the northern Leeward Islands, the Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico. Rainfall totals of 2 to 4 inches, with isolated totals of 6 inches, are expected. Locally considerable flash and urban flooding, along with landslides or mudslides, are possible.

Swells generated by Erin will affect portions of the northern Leeward Islands, the Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Hispaniola, and the Turks and Caicos Islands through the weekend. These swells will spread to the Bahamas, Bermuda, and the east coast of the United States by early next week.

Hurricane Erin is expected to turn to the north and be offshore to the east of Jacksonville on Tuesday. Increasing winds along the coast and rip current risk at the beaches will be the biggest hazards as Erin passes by.

Another area the National Hurricane Center is watching is just off the coast of the Carolinas and is producing disorganized showers and storms. This area is expected to move into the Atlantic without tropical development.

A second tropical wave is being monitored, as well, by the Hurricane Center. An area of low pressure could form over the central tropical Atlantic during the middle to latter portion of the week. Some development could occur as the system moves westward to west-northwestward at 15-20 mph.


8. Chinese auto giant  to set up electric vehicle plant in Punjab

Chinese electric vehicle manufacturer Letin Auto Group has announced plans to set up a production plant for small electric vehicles in Punjab, marking a significant boost for Pakistan's auto industry.

A 15-member delegation led by the company's General Manager met Punjab's Minister for Industries and Commerce, Chaudhry Shafay Hussain, in Lahore to discuss project details. The minister assured the delegation of the Punjab government's full support, highlighting incentives such as a 10-year income tax holiday and duty-free import of machinery for plants established in special economic zones.

Officials noted that Punjab is rapidly becoming a preferred destination for foreign investment, with new ventures strengthening the economy and creating thousands of jobs.

Letin Auto, which filed for bankruptcy in China in 2023 and completed its restructuring in 2024, is now eyeing Pakistan -- particularly Punjab -- not only as a production hub but also as an export base. Experts say Pakistan offers one of the lowest export tariffs to the United States, at 19%, making it a strategic choice for EV manufacturers.

The arrival of Chinese EV brands is reshaping Pakistan's auto market. Global players like BYD, Changan, and MG are already present, while other companies are exploring assembly and production opportunities. Analysts believe that Japanese and Korean automakers will also need to revisit their strategies to remain competitive.

Industry experts predict that if Chinese EVs are introduced at affordable prices, they could quickly capture a large share of the Pakistani market by offering consumers cheaper and better alternatives. The initiative is also expected to encourage technology transfer, local parts manufacturing, and the development of the battery industry.

Observers describe the entry of Chinese EV companies as a turning point for Pakistan's auto sector, with Punjab emerging as a hub for investment, job creation, and industrial growth.


9. US-India trade talks scheduled for August called off

[NEW DELHI] A planned visit by US trade negotiators to New Delhi from August 25-29 has been called off, a source said, delaying talks on a proposed trade agreement and dashing hopes of relief from additional US tariffs on Indian goods from August 27.

The current round of negotiations for the proposed bilateral trade agreement is now likely to be deferred to another date that has yet to be decided, the source with direct knowledge of the matter said.

The US embassy in New Delhi said it has no additional information on the trade and tariff talks, which are being handled by the United States Trade Representative (USTR).

India's trade ministry did not immediately reply to a Reuters email seeking comments.

Earlier this month, US President Donald Trump imposed an additional 25 per cent tariff on Indian goods, citing New Delhi's continued imports of Russian oil in a move that sharply escalated tensions between the two nations.

The new import tax, which will come into effect from August 27, will raise duties on some Indian exports to as high as 50 per cent - among the highest levied on any US trading partner.

Trade talks between New Delhi and Washington collapsed after five rounds of negotiations over disagreement on opening India's vast farm and dairy sectors and stopping Russian oil purchases.

India's Foreign Ministry has said the country is being unfairly singled out for buying Russian oil while the United States and European Union continue to purchase goods from Russia. REUTERS


10. UK Travel Chaos as London Heathrow Airport Cancels Numerous Flights Disrupting Trips to US, Spain, Canada, Netherlands, and More, Affecting American, British, and KLM Airline

London Heathrow Airport has been thrown into travel chaos today, as numerous flights were cancelled and delayed due to a combination of light rain and operational challenges. Travelers going to must-visit spots including the US, Spain, Canada, and the Netherlands are feeling the squeeze right now. Carriers like American Airlines, British Airways, and KLM are facing the biggest headaches. Bad weather, along with tricky logistics, has kept many tourists and business travelers stuck. Multiple flight cancellations are throwing everyone off, whether they're trying to leave home or heading back.

Travelers at London Heathrow Airport (LHR) have faced significant disruptions today, as 39 flights were delayed and 21 flights were cancelled. The cancellations and delays have affected passengers flying to various destinations across the globe, including the United States, Spain, Canada, the Netherlands, and more. Airlines such as British Airways, KLM, American Airlines, and Air Canada have been particularly impacted.

The primary causes behind these widespread delays and cancellations have been attributed to light rain and operational challenges at the airport. While light rain can affect aircraft visibility and ground operations, the operational challenges are primarily due to the high volume of flights and the complexity of managing a major airport like Heathrow. These challenges can lead to cascading delays, which ultimately result in cancelled flights, further exacerbating the situation for passengers.

Though the rain was not severe, it was enough to impact airport operations, creating delays in boarding, taxiing, and takeoffs. Operational issues like staffing shortages and logistical constraints added to the delays, making it harder for airlines to quickly resolve the situation.

This level of disruption is causing frustration for both tourists and business travelers. Many passengers are stuck at the airport for extended periods, with little to no information on their flight status, contributing to a stressful travel experience.

A wide range of airlines has been affected, with Air Canada, British Airways, KLM, and American Airlines seeing the highest number of cancellations and delays. Below is a detailed breakdown of the affected airlines:

The disruptions at London Heathrow have not only affected business travelers but also international tourists. Tourists and visitors from various countries, including the US, Spain, Canada, and Netherlands, have been unable to reach their destinations, leaving many stranded at the airport. Holidaymakers flying to popular European and North American destinations have faced frustrations, as their long-awaited trips have been delayed or cancelled altogether.

In particular, passengers planning trips to Barcelona, Toronto, and New York have been some of the hardest hit. Travelers who were due to attend events, conferences, or family reunions now face the challenge of rebooking flights or adjusting their plans. Many travelers have shared their frustrations on social media, reporting long waits for assistance and limited communication from airlines.

The challenge for airlines today lies not only in the flight cancellations but also in rebooking passengers. With 21 flights cancelled, affected travelers are left trying to find alternative flights to their destinations. The airlines, already stretched thin, have limited options available on a day where the weather and operational challenges have caused ripple effects across multiple carriers.

Air Canada, which had the most cancellations, also faces an additional logistical challenge in accommodating its passengers. Most of their flights were bound for Canada, and travelers from Europe are now finding themselves delayed in London for an indefinite period. British Airways, which was already facing operational strains, has now been forced to extend the waiting time for its passengers at Heathrow, one of the world's busiest airports.

For many passengers, Heathrow's handling of this situation has added to the stress of an already difficult travel experience. Passengers have reported long queues at customer service desks, with limited staff available to provide updates. Many have been left in the dark, without clear information about rebooking options or compensation for delays. With light rain and operational challenges affecting visibility and aircraft scheduling, ground handling has been slow, contributing to long waiting times.

The challenges at Heathrow come at a time when the airport is already facing increasing passenger volumes. In the coming weeks, as summer travel picks up, these disruptions may become more frequent unless the airport and airlines improve their contingency plans for inclement weather conditions and operational issues.

Travelers planning to fly from London Heathrow in the coming days are urged to:

The disruptions at London Heathrow Airport today have had a significant impact on both tourists and business travelers, with 21 cancellations and 39 delays affecting numerous international flights. Air Canada, British Airways, KLM, and American Airlines have been the most affected, with several other airlines also facing challenges. While the light rain and operational challenges caused these delays, they highlight the complex nature of managing such a large international hub. Travelers are advised to stay informed, be patient, and explore alternative travel options in case of further delays.

For now, it remains to be seen how Heathrow and the airlines involved will improve their response to weather-related and operational disruptions. However, the ongoing challenges underscore the importance of travelers staying vigilant and prepared for the unexpected.


💰 FINANCIAL SECTOR UPDATES
----------------------------------------

1. [Finlight] Israelis Join Nationwide Rallies to Call for Release of Hostages

Thousands of Israelis on Sunday joined rallies and a nationwide strike calling for the government to reach an immediate truce with Hamas to free hostages held in Gaza.

The day of protest came as Israeli forces geared up to expand their offensive throughout the Palestinian enclave, despite widespread international condemnation.

Families of the captives, along with their supporters, blocked several major roadways, waving Israeli flags and bearing signs featuring the hostages’ photographs. At least 32 people had been detained for disrupting public order by early afternoon, according to the Israeli police.

It was unclear how many people would join the planned day of action, which was expected to culminate with a large evening protest. The country’s largest labor association, the Histadrut, has declined to throw its weight behind the strike. And while some universities said they would participate, the work stoppage falls during the academic summer break, blunting its impact.


2. [Finlight] GST reform plan: PM Modi seeks states’ backing on draft proposal, promises double Diwali bonus for people

Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday said the Centre has circulated the draft of the next-generation Goods and Services Tax (GST) reforms among states and urged their cooperation to implement the proposal before Diwali.He said the reforms in GST would “benefit poor and middle-class people, as well as small and big businesses.” Addressing an event after inaugurating two expressways in New Delhi, Modi said the Centre intends to make the GST law simpler and revise tax rates, PTI reported.The Prime Minister had announced the proposal to reform the GST law in his Independence Day speech on August 15 from the ramparts of Red Fort. “For us, reform means the expansion of good governance,” he said.Emphasising that the government is “continuously focusing on bringing reforms,” Modi added, “In the coming months, we are going to do many big reforms so that the lives of people and businesses become easier.”Calling the move a “next generation reform” in the GST framework, he remarked, “This Diwali, people will get a double bonus from GST reform.” Modi said the Centre has sent the draft proposal of the reform to states.“I hope that all states will cooperate in the initiatives of the central government,” he said, urging them to complete the process quickly so that “the Diwali festival becomes more fabulous.”The objective of the reform, he said, is to make GST simpler and revise rates.


3. [Finlight] Air Canada says it is restarting flights Sunday

TORONTO (AP) — Air Canada said it plans to resume flights on Sunday after the Canadian government intervened and forced the airline and its striking flight attendants back to work and into arbitration.

The strike stranded more than 100,000 travelers around the world during the peak summer travel season.

The country’s largest airline said in a release that the first flights will resume Sunday evening but that it will take several days before its operations return to normal. It said some flights will be canceled over the next seven to 10 days until the schedule is stabilized.

Less than 12 hours after workers walked off the job, Federal Jobs Minister Patty Hajdu ordered the 10,000 flight attendants back to work, saying now is not the time to take risks with the economy and noting the unprecedented tariffs the U.S. has imposed on Canada. Hajdu referred the work stoppage to the Canada Industrial Relations Board.

The airline said Sunday the Canada Industrial Relations Board has extended the term of the existing collective agreement until a new one is determined by the arbitrator.

The shutdown of Canada’s largest airline early Saturday was impacting about 130,000 people a day. Air Canada operates around 700 flights per day.

According to numbers from aviation analytics provider Cirium, Air Canada had canceled a total of 671 flights by Saturday afternoon — following 199 on Friday. And another 96 flights scheduled for Sunday were already suspended.

The bitter contract fight escalated Friday as the union turned down Air Canada’s prior request to enter into government-directed arbitration, which allows a third-party mediator to decide the terms of a new contract.

Flight attendants walked off the job around 1 a.m. EDT on Saturday. Around the same time, Air Canada said it would begin locking flight attendants out of airports.

Last year, the government forced the country’s two major railroads into arbitration with their labor union during a work stoppage. The union for the rail workers is suing, arguing the government is removing a union’s leverage in negotiations.

The Business Council of Canada had urged the government to impose binding arbitration in this case, too. And the Canadian Chamber of Commerce welcomed the intervention.

Hajdu maintained that her Liberal government is not anti-union, saying it is clear the two sides are at an impasse.

Passengers whose flights are impacted will be eligible to request a full refund on the airline’s website or mobile app, according to Air Canada.

The airline said it would also offer alternative travel options through other Canadian and foreign airlines when possible. Still, it warned that it could not guarantee immediate rebooking because flights on other airlines are already full “due to the summer travel peak.”

Air Canada and the Canadian Union of Public Employees have been in contract talks for about eight months, but they have yet to reach a tentative deal.

Both sides have said they remain far apart on the issue of pay and the unpaid work flight attendants do when planes aren’t in the air.

The airline’s latest offer included a 38% increase in total compensation, including benefits and pensions, over four years, that it said “would have made our flight attendants the best compensated in Canada.”

But the union pushed back, saying the proposed 8% raise in the first year didn’t go far enough because of inflation.


4. [Finlight] Syria’s al-Sharaa calls for unity, accuses Israel of fuelling unrest in south

Syrian President Ahmed al-Sharaa speaks during a joint press conference with French President after a meeting at the Elysee Palace in Paris, on May 7, 2025.

Syrian President Ahmed al-Sharaa has said the battle to unify his country after years of civil war "should not be with blood", rejecting any partition and accusing Israel of meddling in the south.

His remarks, released by state TV on Sunday, came as hundreds demonstrated in south Syria's Sweida province, denouncing sectarian violence last month and calling for the right to self-determination for the Druze-majority province.

"We still have another battle ahead of us to unify Syria, and it should not be with blood and military force... it should be through some kind of understanding because Syria is tired of war," Sharaa said during a dialogue session involving notables from the northwest province of Idlib and other senior officials.

"I do not see Syria as at risk of division. Some people desire a process of dividing Syria and trying to establish cantons... this matter is impossible," he said according to a recording of the meeting, distributed overnight by state media.

"Some parties seek to gain power through regional power, Israel or others. This is also extremely difficult and cannot be implemented," he said.

At the protest in Sweida, some demonstrators waved the Israeli flag and called for self-determination for the region.

FRANCE 24 report in Sweida: Tens of thousands displaced since clashes began  © France 24 02:58

A week of bloodshed in Sweida began on July 13 with clashes between Druze fighters and Sunni Bedouin, but rapidly escalated, drawing in government forces, with Israel also carrying out strikes.

Syrian authorities have said their forces intervened to stop the clashes, but witnesses, Druze factions and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights have accused them of siding with the Bedouin and committing abuses against the Druze, including summary executions.

Sharaa said that Sweida "witnessed many violations from all sides... some members of the security forces and army in Syria also carried out some violations".

The state is required "to hold all perpetrators of violations to account", whatever their affiliation, he added.

Read moreExclusive: On the ground in Sweida, a Syrian city torn by Druze-Bedouin clashes

"Israel is intervening directly in Sweida, seeking to implement policies aimed at weakening the state in general or finding excuses to interfere in ongoing policies in the southern region," Sharaa said.

Israel, which has its own Druze community, has said it has acted to defend the minority group as well as enforce its demands for the demilitarisation of southern Syria.

Syria's new authorities are also in talks with a semi-autonomous Kurdish administration that runs swathes of the country's north and northeast and has called for decentralisation, which Damascus has rejected.

Implementation of a March 10 deal on integrating the Kurds' semi-autonomous civil and military institutions into the state has been held up by differences between the parties.

"We are now discussing the mechanisms for implementation" of the deal, Sharaa said.

(FRANCE 24 with AFP)


5. [Finlight] Want more productivity, Rachel Reeves? It’s time to embrace Mancunian swagger | Richard Partington

Over the summer Rachel Reeves has been on a road trip around Britain. From Cornwall and Kent, to Aberdeen, south Wales and Belfast, in search of the solutions for a national economy that is stuck in a rut.

Inspired by this tour, the chancellor used a Guardian article last week to set her autumn budget priority: boosting productivity. Tax and spending may dominate news headlines, but this is the real problem facing the country, and no politician of the past two decades has managed to fix it.

Productivity is a dull word of vital importance. Growing the measure of output for each hour of work is an economic secret sauce, enabling growth in wages and living standards over the long-run without stoking inflation.

On the hunt for solutions, Reeves could have extended her trip. Leaving Westminster on a (most probably delayed) Avanti train from Euston, or an overcrowded TransPennine Express from her Leeds constituency; for the wetter side of northern England, where Manchester is having a moment in the sun.

Unlike the rest of Britain, there are signs of life in Greater Manchester’s productivity. Between 2004 and 2023, the city region recorded the highest rise in gross value added for each hour worked of any combined authority in the country.

London – once the driver of UK growth – has effectively stalled. The capital is still streets ahead in terms of productivity and the UK is still one of the most regionally unequal countries in Europe, with no regions outside London and the south-east of England above the national average. But Manchester is beginning to close the gap – with growth of 31% since 2004.

To anyone familiar with the north-west, this will probably come as no surprise. Manchester has changed beyond all recognition in recent years, never mind the past two decades. The Haçienda has been a posh block of flats for longer than it was at the epicentre of the “Madchester” music scene. The class of ‘92 swapped Old Trafford for building luxury hotels long ago, petrodollar cash has flooded the east of the city, and Oasis have just added, by some counts, £1bn to the British economy at large.

“Manchester has got this buzz about it,” says Jim O’Neill, the former Goldman Sachs chief economist, and a proud Mancunian, who now chairs the Northern Powerhouse Partnership.

“It’s always been there for years in the [city] centre. But most importantly it’s now spreading. Some would say it’s that Manchester swagger. It all relates to an attitude that ‘we can do this; we want to see it happen’. I don’t know another part of the country where it has that vibe.”

For years Britain’s productivity growth has been a dismal disappointment. Before the 2008 financial crisis growth averaged 2% a year, but has trickled to well below 1% since. Figures last week showed growth contracted in the year to June.

With the autumn budget not far off, this is fuelling a sense of alarm in the Treasury. Whitehall is abuzz with speculation that the Office for Budget Responsibility is poised to hand Reeves downgraded productivity forecasts – with the potential to blow a £20bn hole in her tax and spending plans.

To turn things around, Reeves could take the ingredients behind Manchester’s renaissance and apply them elsewhere. She could also double down on the “Northern Powerhouse” strategy for good measure.

Sources close to Labour say that is exactly the plan: Keir Starmer and Reeves are expected to launch an intensified regional growth strategy next month, with the revival of the Northern Powerhouse Rail project as its centrepiece.

Those who know Manchester best say there are a few golden threads to the renaissance of Cottonopolis: devolution; political stability and coordination between its policymakers, businesses and institutions; the involvement of its top universities; and sustained investment.

Andy Burnham, the mayor of Greater Manchester, says London hasn’t entirely cottoned on. The city symbolised by the worker bee has done well, but could have done even more with extra money and power from the Treasury.

“The learning for Whitehall is, if you want productivity growth, and growth more broadly, you have to let go and trust places. And you have to invest. Because you can’t get it without investment.

“[But] there is a bias against cities outside London and the south, and as long as this remains, the country will not achieve its full potential.”

skip past newsletter promotion Sign up to Business Today Free daily newsletter Get set for the working day – we'll point you to all the business news and analysis you need every morning Enter your email address Sign up Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy . We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. after newsletter promotion

“I compare Manchester [today] with the city I came back to after uni, and the one I had to leave to get on in life. It’s been a major shift. The momentum is there now, and it’s what you do with that next.”

In truth the Manchester revival has deep roots. The timeline before Burnham’s arrival as mayor in 2017 is well known: the 1996 IRA bomb as catalyst for city centre regeneration; the 2002 Commonwealth Games, the opening of Salford Media City, the Lowry, Bridgewater Hall and the expansion of the Metrolink.

Led by the city council’s former chief executive, Howard Bernstein, and leader, Richard Leese, their “Manchester family” approach to coordinating investment proves Reeves’s theory that public money can “crowd in” the private sector : Manchester has ranked top outside London for foreign direct investment projects for three of the past five years.

However, the transformation isn’t all plain sailing. House prices and rents are rocketing, crowding out families from Manchester’s poorer suburbs. For those who, like me, grew up around these parts, the skyscraper-sprouting skyline is a source of both pride, but also nagging worry. Could the pace of change sweep away something special, in a city used to doing things differently? And are the proceeds of growth lining Mancunian pockets, or flowing out of the Irwell to an offshore bank account?

Burnham is alive to the danger. “I use the phrase that, the kids can see the skyscrapers from their bedroom window but they currently don’t see a path to the modern Greater Manchester economy. The next phase is about making that path.”

Still, the addition of glass-fronted flats and office blocks among the converted Victorian mills has helped Manchester to create more jobs at a faster pace than the UK average. They reflect Labour’s hopes for Britain more broadly: that a fairer distribution of growth, in theory, will become easier if there is some growth in the first place.

Reeves could do with a few more Mancunian economic miracles. The national economy will not come unstuck without Britain’s biggest regional cities reaching their full productive potential.

In her first conference speech as chancellor last year, along the M62 in Liverpool, Reeves promised a Labour government would mean “shovels in the ground. Cranes in the sky. The sounds and the sights of the future arriving.”

To the next critic who asks when exactly that will come about, a Manchester reference may help.


6. [Finlight] Rayner says Farage ‘failing young women’ with plan to scrap Online Safety Act

Nigel Farage is “failing a generation of young women” with his plans to scrap the Online Safety Act, Angela Rayner has said, arguing the move would cause an increase in the prevalence of “revenge porn”.

The comments by the deputy prime minister are the latest criticism of Farage from the government, with Labour launching a parallel series of attack adverts on the Reform UK leader, including one showing him alongside the misogynist influencer Andrew Tate.

In a press conference at the end of last month, Reform promised to scrap the act, which had just come into force, saying measures intended to push social media companies to limit false and potentially harmful content would instead bring censorship and make the UK “a borderline dystopian state”.

In response, the science and technology secretary, Peter Kyle, accused Farage of being on the side of child abusers such as Jimmy Savile, bringing a furious response from the Reform leader.

In comments to the Sunday Telegraph, Rayner highlighted what she said would be the risks of getting rid of the act in terms of clamping down on what is formally known as intimate image abuse, where offenders either upload intimate pictures or footage of others or else share them via other means.

“Intimate image abuse is a devastating crime and contributes to a vile misogynistic culture on social media that we know translates into physical spaces too,” Rayner told the paper.

“Nigel Farage risks failing a generation of young women with his dangerous and irresponsible plans to scrap online safety laws. Scrapping safeguards and having no viable alternative plan in place to halt the floodgates of abuse that could open is an appalling dereliction of duty.

“It’s time for Farage to tell women and girls across Britain how he would keep them safe online.”

Labour is launching a linked series of online adverts against Farage, including one published on Sunday morning connected to Rayner’s comments. “Nigel Farage wants to make it easier to share revenge porn online,” it says, alongside an image of Farage grinning.

According to the Sunday Times, another advert will highlight Farage’s comments about Tate, the influencer who, along with his brother, Tristan, faces charges in the UK including rape, actual bodily harm and human trafficking.

The two British Americans are under investigation in Romania, facing a number of charges that they deny.

The Labour advert shows Farage with Andrew Tate and the headline: “Nigel Farage says Andrew Tate is an ‘important voice’ for men.” The comments come from an interview Farage did on the Strike It Big podcast last year.

Laila Cunningham, a former magistrate who has joined Reform, wrote a Telegraph article on Saturday in which she called the Online Safety Act “censorship laws”, saying laws already existed to combat ”revenge porn”.

“It’s a cover for censorship, and an excuse to hand unelected regulators sweeping powers to silence views they don’t like, while doing nothing about the real crimes happening on our streets,” she wrote.

Cunningham said minister should instead focus on detaining asylum seekers rather than putting them in hotels, saying that for now, women “are being put in harm’s way” as the asylum seekers could pose a risk to them.


7. [Finlight] Trump drops ceasefire demand, echoing Putin’s position and jittering Ukraine

One of your browser extensions seems to be blocking the video player from loading. To watch this content, you may need to disable it on this site.

Try again


8. [Finlight] Marjorie Taylor Greene Joins Warren Buffett And Michael Burry Buying UnitedHealth, Mark Cuban Backs Trump Export Tax — Weekly Politics Recap

As the weekend comes to an end, here’s a quick recap of the top stories that made headlines in the world of politics and finance.
1. Marjorie Taylor Greene Keeps Buying Unitedhealth Stock Along With Fellow Investors Buffett And Burry
UnitedHealth Group (NYSE:UNH) shares surged on Friday as several prominent investors, including a well-known member of Congress, continued to purchase shares and expand their positions.
Read the full article here.
2. Congresswoman Files Hundreds Of Stock Trades Late, Including Palantir Stock Up Over 600%
Efforts to ban members of Congress from buying and selling stocks could continue to rise with several recent disclosures violating the STOCK Act. A new filing by a member of Congress lists hundreds of trades since March 2024.
Read the full article here.

3. Mark Cuban Says Trump’s Nvidia, AMD Export Tax Is What Warren, AOC, Sanders Should’ve Done — Kevin O’Leary Calls It ‘Blackmail’
Mark Cuban and Kevin O'Leary have expressed their views on President Donald Trump's controversial deal with NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD). Cuban praised it as a progressive move, while O'Leary called it corporate "blackmail."
Read the full article here.
4. Jim Cramer Has A Blunt Message For Fed Chair Powell After July's Job Numbers Tanked
Following a disappointing jobs report, Jim Cramer has urged the Federal Reserve to implement an interest rate cut.
Read the full article here.
5. White House Reportedly Launches A Scorecard Rating 500+ Companies On Trump Loyalty — Who's Listed And How Ratings Are Determined
The White House has reportedly created a rating system to evaluate the support of corporate America for President Donald Trump's "One Big Beautiful Bill" and other policies.
Read the full article here.


Marjorie Taylor Greene Keeps Buying UnitedHealth Stock Along With Fellow Investors Buffett And Burry


9. [Finlight] Will Trump’s tariffs get ’tariffried’ by the courts?

Investing.com -- The Trump administration is bracing for a potential legal setback that could undermine its tariff strategy, analysts at Yardeni Research highlighted in a note this week. 
The firm stated that the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in Washington, D.C., may soon rule that President Donald Trump lacks the legal authority to impose tariffs under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA).
Yardeni noted that concern was evident in an August 11 letter from two of the administration’s top lawyers to the court clerk, filed after oral arguments on July 31, where judges reportedly pressed the government on the tariffs’ legality. 
The letter warns that “suddenly revoking the President’s tariff authority under IEEPA would have catastrophic consequences for our national security, foreign policy, and economy,” adding it could “lead to a 1929-style result.”
While Yardeni said the conclusion “may be exaggerated,” the fallout would still be “messy,” with foreign governments potentially ignoring trade agreements and companies seeking tariff refunds from the Treasury.
Trump has promoted tariffs as an “External Revenue Service” to help cut the federal deficit. 
Customs duties hit a record $157 billion over the 12 months through July, and Trump has aimed for a base tariff of 10%-15% on all U.S. trading partners, potentially yielding over $500 billion annually.
Losing the case could raise bond yields and pressure stocks due to renewed policy uncertainty, according to Yardeni.
The firm cited Capital Alpha Partners’ Jim Lucier, who expects a Federal Circuit decision by late August or September.
 A unanimous ruling against the administration could give the Supreme Court cover to avoid the case and decline a stay that would keep the tariffs in place.


10. [Finlight] Wells Fargo outlines how the Fed may revisit its policy framework at Jackson Hole

Investing.com - Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell is expected to go over how the U.S. economy and the central bank’s policy setting has evolved over the course of his tenure at a closely-watched event in Wyoming later this month, according to analysts at Wells Fargo.
Powell previously used his address at the annual Jackson Hole symposium in 2020 to lay out changes to the rate-setting Federal Open Market Committee’s policy framework. Some five years later, that outline is now set to reach its conclusion.
In a note, the Wells Fargo analysts led by Sarah House noted that in the decade leading up to the FOMC’s prior framework review, the economic environment was dominated by persistently low inflation and excess labor market slack. The Fed has been tasked with using its policies options to keep inflation stable and securing maximum employment. 
"The adjustments made in 2020 at the height of the pandemic reflected these perceived asymmetric risks to the Fed’s dual mandate," the analysts wrote.
However, in the time since then, the macroeconomic backdrop has changed drastically. Powered by pandemic-era shocks, inflation charged past 2% in March 2021 and has not returned to that rate -- the Fed’s target level -- since. The unemployment rate, meanwhile, fell to less than 4% by the end of that same year. It now stands at 4.2%.
"Much of the past few years have been marked by U.S. monetary policymakers facing an old but new problem: overheated labor markets and above-target inflation," the analysts wrote.
Against this backdrop, they do not anticipate that the Fed will unveil any major changes to its toolkit as part of this year’s review, with the key federal funds rate likely to stay the main device the central bank can utilize to respond to broader trends in employment and inflation.
The Fed’s balance sheet may also be "de-emphasized" as a policy tool "for the time being," they added. Powell is anticipated to review how the FOMC approaches policy communication later this year as well.
Generally, the strategists said the new framework will likely "codify" what is already the Fed’s "modus operandi" -- a more "symmetric" approach to its inflation and employment objectives.
"Yet, the shift away from the asymmetric risks around low inflation and maximum employment marks an important departure from the psychology of the 2008-2020 period, and it could result in more preemptive policy tightening when the next inflationary episode occurs," they said.


💻 TECHNOLOGY HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

1. Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems - SiliconANGLE

Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems

Two of the largest enterprise infrastructure vendors announced product line expansions designed to give customers more options for deploying artificial intelligence workloads at scale. New offerings from Dell Technologies Inc. and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. include systems and software updates that incorporate Nvidia Corp.'s latest graphics processing unit technology and AI software, alongside tools from other partners, to help organizations move from AI experimentation to production.

Dell said it's updating its AI Data Platform with new components aimed at improving unstructured data ingestion, transformation, retrieval and compute performance. The platform is designed to handle the full AI workload lifecycle, from data ingestion to agentic inference to knowledge retrieval.

A new unstructured data engine developed in collaboration with Elasticsearch BV provides real-time, secure access to large-scale unstructured datasets, supporting advanced vector search, semantic retrieval and hybrid keyword search. The engine integrates GPU acceleration and Nvidia NeMo Retriever microservices for use in retrieval-augmented generation applications.

The Dell AI Data Platform also integrates a federated SQL engine from Starburst Data Inc. for querying multiple data sources without moving the data, and an Apache Spark-based data processing engine for batch and real-time analytics. They sit alongside Dell's PowerScale and ObjectScale storage systems, which support structured, semi-structured and unstructured data.

On the hardware side, Dell introduced PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers equipped with Nvidia RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell Server Edition GPUs, which are data center-class graphics and compute processors built on Nvidia's Blackwell architecture and designed for AI inference, visual computing, engineering simulation and virtual workstation workloads. Dell said the new GPUs can deliver up to six times the token throughput for large language model inference compared to its previous generation, along with higher engineering simulation performance and support for more concurrent users.

The R7725 will be the first 2U server to integrate the Nvidia AI Data Platform reference design, a validated blueprint for building GPU-accelerated infrastructure. Dell said the pairing yields a turnkey system for fast inferencing, semantic search and large AI workloads.

HPE said it's expanding its line of AI-optimized systems with new configurations that also use Nvidia's Blackwell architecture GPUs, as well as the latest Nvidia AI models. The company said these updates are intended to support both agentic AI -- or systems that complete tasks autonomously or with little supervision tasks - and physical AI, which involves AI control of robotics and other hardware systems.

HPE is also adding new options to its Cray XD670 and XD675 servers that allow them to be configured with Nvidia GB200 NVL72 systems for large-scale AI training, or with RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell GPUs for inference and smaller-scale workloads. HPE said both are pre-integrated with Nvidia's AI Enterprise software suite, including the NeMo framework and pretrained models such as Nvidia Nemotron for agentic AI and Cosmos for physical AI applications.

The company is also updating its GreenLake for AI offering to support the new systems. GreenLake is a consumption-based model for deploying AI infrastructure, allowing organizations to scale GPU resources as needed while keeping workloads on-premises or in colocation facilities. HPE said its Private Cloud AI will support the latest versions of the Nemotron and Cosmos models, as well as the latest Nvidia Blueprint for Video Search and Summarization.

Both companies' announcements center on integrating Nvidia's Blackwell-generation GPUs and related AI software into systems aimed at enterprises. Dell's focus is on connecting AI models to high-quality enterprise data, especially unstructured data, while HPE is emphasizing large-scale training and deployment of both agentic and physical AI models.

The announcements are part of a broader trend by infrastructure vendors to provide turnkey AI infrastructure that combines hardware, storage, networking and AI frameworks in pre-tested configurations.

Dell said its updated AI Data Platform with the unstructured data engine will be available later this year, alongside the PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers with RTX PRO 6000 GPUs. HPE said its updated Cray XD systems and GreenLake AI configurations will also be available in the coming months.


2. China's Tech Boom Attracts Foreign Investment Surge

The rhythmic hum of robotic arms in Suzhou factories and the digital pulse of Shanghai's AI labs tell an economic success story decades in the making. China has surpassed its ambitious five-year foreign direct investment (FDI) target of $700 billion ahead of schedule, with utilized FDI hitting $708.73 billion by mid-2024 -- a powerful rebuttal to narratives of foreign capital flight. This milestone, achieved amid global protectionist headwinds, underscores China's transformation into a high-tech investment magnet where innovation outpaces politics.

Despite geopolitical turbulence and supply chain realignments, China's patient cultivation of foreign enterprise is yielding historic dividends. Ministry of Commerce data reveals foreign firms now drive one-third of China's foreign trade, contribute 25% of industrial value-added output, and account for 1 in 7 tax dollars. Critically, they've generated over 30 million jobs since 2019 -- equivalent to the population of Malaysia. The 14th Five-Year Plan's $700 billion FDI target, once viewed as ambitious, was eclipsed six months early. In H1 2024 alone, 30,014 new foreign-invested firms registered across China -- an 11.7% YoY surge. While overall utilized FDI dipped 15.2% to $58.9 billion due to 2023's record-high baseline, the structural shift toward high-value sectors signals enduring confidence. As Franz Decker, BMW Brilliance Automotive CEO, asserted during the opening of their Nanjing R&D hub: "China demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation."

China's innovation pivot is rewriting FDI playbooks. Foreign capital flowing into high-tech industries leaped from 28.3% of total FDI in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023 -- a trajectory accelerating in 2024. E-commerce services saw explosive 130% YoY FDI growth in H1, while AI, biotech, and advanced manufacturing drew multinationals seeking China's "new quality productive forces." The Third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in June became a showcase for this transformation, featuring BMW's new Nanjing facility -- its largest Asian IT R&D center -- designed to leverage China's "rapidly evolving tech landscape." Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang, attending CISCE, observed: "China's supply chain is a miracle -- the world's largest and most complex, built on deep technology, AI and software. Technology adoption here is so fast, it sets global trends." This tech-led FDI boom reflects China's 9% average FDI return rate -- among the world's highest -- and validates Beijing's 2024 Action Plan stabilizing foreign investment through streamlined approvals and market access.

The H1 2024 FDI dip requires contextual understanding. OECD data shows global FDI fell 7% in 2023, with developing Asia experiencing steeper declines. China's contraction aligns with this trend while masking sectoral dynamism. Crucially, reinvested earnings by existing foreign enterprises -- a key FDI metric -- remain robust as firms like BASF and Tesla expand Chinese facilities. The State Council's 24-point guidelines for foreign investors, emphasizing intellectual property protection and equal procurement access, further anchor confidence. As the Ministry of Commerce emphasized in its June policy briefing: "Quality supersedes quantity -- we welcome capital aligned with high-end manufacturing and digital transformation."

China's $708 billion FDI milestone proves its economic resilience isn't cyclical but structural -- built on world-class infrastructure, deep talent pools, and unwavering commitment to innovation-led growth. For global investors, the calculus remains clear: overlooking China's high-tech transformation means missing the defining economic opportunity of our decade. Explore partnership opportunities through China's International Investment Promotion Agency to position your enterprise at the convergence of technology and growth.

China's 14th Five-Year Plan targeted $700 billion in cumulative foreign direct investment between 2021-2025. Ministry of Commerce data confirms this goal was surpassed six months early, reaching $708.73 billion by June 2024.

High-tech industries now dominate China FDI flows, rising from 28.3% of total investment in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023. E-commerce, AI, and advanced manufacturing led growth, with e-commerce FDI surging nearly 130% YoY in H1 2024.

BMW CEO Franz Decker cited China's "remarkable vitality in digital innovation ecosystems" when launching their Nanjing R&D center. Proximity to tech talent, rapid commercialization, and supportive industrial policies make China indispensable for global innovation.

Officials attribute H1 2024's 15.2% FDI dip to 2023's unusually high baseline and global trends. The 2024 "Stabilizing Foreign Investment" Action Plan counters concerns through market access easing and IP protections.

At approximately 9%, China's FDI return rate outperforms most major economies, according to World Bank investment viability analyses. This sustains appeal despite geopolitical uncertainties.

Data contradicts this narrative. Beyond record cumulative FDI, 30,014 new foreign firms registered in H1 2024 -- an 11.7% YoY increase -- with expansions by firms like Nvidia and BASF confirming long-term commitment.


3. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


4. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


5. Economic Watch: China's AI Tech Boosts Global Trade Efficiency, Facilitates Supply Chain

Beijing: To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q and A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing. "Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

According to Namibia Press Agency, during discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade. Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model. "The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes. At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms. The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images, and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for the overseas market. Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba. As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in the global trade landscape. At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent, and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world." China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi, and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce. Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


6. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

A visitor tries a pair of glasses at the booth of TCL in the Digital Technology Chain area of the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China, July 19, 2025. [Photo/Xinhua]

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30% The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95%, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

Open Source

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40% compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10% of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9% year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


7. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

This photo taken on July 17, 2025 shows robots at the booth of Nvidia during the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China. (Xinhua/Ding Hongfa)

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


8. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


9. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


10. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


🎯 MARKET SYNTHESIS
----------------------------------------
Total stories analyzed: 89
Overall news sentiment: Neutral (0.09)

Data Sources:
  • Financial Modeling Prep (FMP) - Market data & calendar
  • NewsAPI.ai - World, USA, and tech news
  • Finlight - Financial market news

================================================================================
END OF BRIEFING