PREMIUM MORNING MARKET BRIEFING
Generated: August 17, 2025 at 06:34 AM ET
================================================================================

📅 ECONOMIC CALENDAR
----------------------------------------
No major economic events scheduled for today.

📊 PREMARKET OVERVIEW
----------------------------------------
Index Futures: Markets closed - Weekend

Cryptocurrency (24hr):
  • BTC: $118,320.26 (+0.74%)
  • ETH: $4,544.55 (+2.70%)
  • BNB: $862.06 (+2.72%)

🌍 WORLD NEWS DIGEST
----------------------------------------

1. Major supermarket chain to reward customers for reporting shoplifters

Supermarket chain Iceland will offer customers a £1 reward if they spot shoplifters in the act.

The retailer's boss, Richard Walker, said any shoppers who point out offenders to members of staff will receive a payment to their membership card.

Iceland said the business faces a roughly £20 million hit from the cost of shoplifting each year.

Mr Walker, executive chairman of Iceland, told Channel Five news that shoplifting is not a "victimless crime".

"I'd like to announce that we will give £1 to any customer who points out a shoplifter.

"We'll put it on their bonus card, if they see any customers in our stores who is undertaking that offence.

"Some people see this as a victimless crime; it is not.

"It also keeps prices from being lowered because it is a cost to the business.

"It's a cost to the hours we pay our colleagues, as well as it being about intimidation and violence."

He said the £20 million cost of theft limits the amount that the company can pay back out to its colleague and restrains its ability to lower prices.

"We'd like customers to help us lower our prices even more by pointing out shoplifters," Mr Walker added.

Last month, official figures revealed that the number of shoplifting offences recorded by police in England and Wales climbed to another record high.

Recommended Reading:

Some 530,643 offences were logged in the year to March 2025, up 20% from 444,022 in 2023-24 and the highest total since current police recording practices began in 2002-03.

At the time, retail bosses warned that shop theft was spiralling out of control and that business owners need to see immediate results as ministers have pledged thousands more officers for neighbourhood policing by next spring.


2. Zelensky claims Russia 'complicating' ceasefire efforts as PM meets allies

Russia is complicating efforts to get a ceasefire in Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelensky has said, as Sir Keir Starmer prepares to meet with European leaders to discuss the war.

The so-called coalition of the willing, the alliance which is planning to police a future peace deal in Ukraine, will meet on Sunday afternoon amid reports Donald Trump favours a Russian land grab to end the war.

Following the Alaska summit between Mr Trump and Vladimir Putin on Friday, the American leader suggested he wants to move straight to a full peace deal, rather than negotiating a ceasefire first.

The shift in Mr Trump's position appears to echo the Russians' refusal to agree to ceasefire before engaging in peace talks.

Several news outlets have cited sources which claimed that during the negotiations Mr Putin demanded full control of Donetsk and Luhansk - two occupied Ukrainian regions - as a condition for ending the war.

In exchange, he would give up other Ukrainian territories held by Russian troops.

Other outlets reported that Mr Trump is inclined to support the plan, and will speak to Mr Zelensky about it when they meet in the Oval Office.

Writing on social media on Sunday morning, the Ukrainian leader railed against Russia's refusal to lay down arms temporarily before agreeing to end the war.

Mr Zelensky said: "We see that Russia rebuffs numerous calls for a ceasefire and has not yet determined when it will stop the killing.

"This complicates the situation."

He added: "If they lack the will to carry out a simple order to stop the strikes, it may take a lot of effort to get Russia to have the will to implement far greater - peaceful coexistence with its neighbours for decades.

"But together we are working for peace and security. Stopping the killing is a key element of stopping the war."

The Prime Minister, alongside French president Emmanuel Macron and German chancellor Friedrich Merz, will host the coalition of the willing on Sunday afternoon.

The video conference will see allies who plan to keep the peace in Ukraine gather ahead of Mr Zelensky's visit to Washington on Monday.

The Ukrainian leader is expected to attend the Sunday afternoon video call, which is scheduled to take place at 2pm UK time.

Friday's summit between Mr Trump and Mr Putin in Anchorage, Alaska, ended without any commitment towards a ceasefire.

The Russian president described it as "timely" and "useful" after he left.

Mr Trump afterwards suggested it was time for Mr Zelensky to make a deal to end the war.

Sir Keir commended Mr Trump's "pursuit of an end to the killing", but insisted Ukraine's leader must not be excluded from future talks to broker a peace in Ukraine.

The Prime Minister and European leaders appeared increasingly confident that Mr Trump will offer a "security guarantee" of air support to back up allied troops on the ground in Ukraine, should they be deployed to keep the peace.

Experts have warned the face-to-face summit has risked legitimising the Russian leader, who has been made a pariah by the international community for invading Ukraine.

Mr Zelensky has warned Russia may ramp up its strikes against his country in the coming days "in order to create more favourable political circumstances for talks with global actors".


3. Sam Altman Admits GPT-5 Flaws, Bets Big on AGI and Enterprise AI

In the wake of GPT-5's recent launch, OpenAI CEO Sam Altman has been candid about the company's missteps and grand visions, signaling a strategic shift that could redefine artificial intelligence competition. According to a recent interview highlighted in Bloomberg, Altman reflected on the tumultuous rollout, admitting that while the model boasts PhD-level capabilities in certain domains, as noted by the BBC, it faced criticism for inconsistent reasoning and performance glitches. Despite this, Altman remains undeterred, emphasizing OpenAI's willingness to "run the loss" on massive investments, as reported by CNBC.

This resilience comes amid a broader industry reckoning, where rivals like Google and Anthropic are ramping up their own AI models. Posts on X from industry observers, including tech journalists, underscore a sentiment that GPT-5 has reset user expectations, with some users praising its advanced conversational abilities while others decry rollout hiccups. Altman's strategy appears focused on enterprise applications, pivoting from consumer-facing chat assistants to robust tools for businesses, as detailed in a Geek News Central piece that quotes him acknowledging rollout errors but highlighting enterprise potential.

Navigating Backlash and Betting Big

Beyond immediate fixes, Altman envisions a future where AI transcends current limitations, potentially outpacing human dialogue, as he discussed in a WIRED interview. He addressed fears of an AI bubble, arguing that sustained investment -- potentially trillions in custom chips and data centers -- will yield breakthroughs toward artificial general intelligence (AGI). This echoes sentiments from a TechCrunch report on a casual dinner where Altman spilled details on ambitions like fusion energy integration and brain-computer interfaces.

Critics, however, point to ethical concerns, with Altman himself expressing worries akin to the Manhattan Project's gravity, per a Times of India article. Yet, in the Fortune deep dive that inspired this analysis, experts identify potential winners: companies like Microsoft, deeply invested in OpenAI, stand to gain from enterprise AI adoption, while startups building on GPT-5's API could emerge as dark horses.

Identifying AI's Emerging Victors

The strategy extends to user engagement, with GPT-5 aiming to "hook users" more effectively, as explored in The Atlantic. Altman has teased features like "Sign in with ChatGPT" for personalized memory access, drawing from X posts by venture capitalists like Garry Tan, who advise founders to innovate beyond core assistants. This positions OpenAI not just as a model provider but as an ecosystem builder, potentially challenging tech giants.

On the political front, Altman's comments in the Bloomberg interview touch on navigating a Trump-Musk influenced administration, hinting at policy impacts on AI development. Recent news from The Verge reveals his disuse of Google Search, underscoring tensions despite reliance on Google's cloud.

Long-Term Visions and Risks

Looking ahead to 2025 and beyond, OpenAI's roadmap includes scaling reasoning models smoothly toward AGI, as Altman affirmed in X-shared clips from earlier talks. A Bitcoin Ethereum News article outlines his unveiling of post-GPT-5 plans, emphasizing custom infrastructure funded innovatively.

However, risks abound: financial strains from trillion-dollar bets, as per WebProNews, and societal fears of job displacement. Industry insiders, via X sentiment, debate if OpenAI's aggressive spending will crown it the AI leader or lead to overextension.

Sustaining Momentum in a Competitive Field

Ultimately, Altman's leadership style -- marked by relentless pursuit and public candor -- could determine OpenAI's trajectory. As Digital Information World notes, his openness on competitors like Google signals strategic agility. For insiders, the key takeaway is watching how OpenAI balances innovation with reliability, potentially setting the standard for AI's next era. With GPT-5 as a stepping stone, the company's bet on exponential growth might just pay off, reshaping industries from education to enterprise software.


4. By-election: Zamfara APC lauds voters, urges calm

The Zamfara chapter of the All Progressives Congress has commended the electorate for the massive turnout in Saturday's Kaura Namoda South State Assembly Constituency by-election.

The News Agency of Nigeria reports that the election was, however, declared inconclusive by the Independent National Electoral Commission.

The results of the election announced by the Returning Officer, Prof. Lawal Sa'adu, showed that the All Progressives Congress polled 7,001 votes, while the Peoples Democratic Party scored 5,339 votes.

Sa'adu said the margin between the leading political party and the runner-up was less than the total number of Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) collected in the polling units where the elections were cancelled.

According to him, the margin between the two leading political parties, the APC and PDP, is 1,662 and is less than the 3,265 collected Permanent Voter Cards in the affected polling units.

Reacting to the outcome of the election, in a statement issued in Gusau on Sunday, the State APC Publicity Secretary, Yusuf Idris, described the electorate's support for the party during the by-election as timely.

"The state APC chapter wishes to appreciate the kind support and resilience of the electorate during the elections, despite all the challenges.

"We appreciate the people of Kaura Namoda South State Assembly Constituency for turning out en masse and voting for APC despite the harassment from thugs and members of Zamfara Community Protection Guards in the polling units.

"The by-election has shown the strength and continued acceptance of the party in the state by the electorate," he said.

Idris added that APC was appreciative of the voters, as it was leading with over 1,600 votes, adding, "This is a clear indication of where the people's faith lies.

"Although the results for the election were declared inconclusive, we are confident that the electoral umpire, INEC, will not allow itself to be used for the denial of the rights of the electorate.

"We also appreciate our leaders, Sen. Abdulaziz Yari and Minister of State for Defence Bello Matawalle, for their constant support and encouragement to the operations and management of the party in the state.

"We call on members and supporters of the APC and members of the public to remain calm," he added.


5. The Cut List: Fantasy Baseball Busts, Drops for Week 21 (2025)

The Cut List for Week 21 of 2025. Jamie analyzes potential fantasy baseball busts, overvalued players, and injured players who you may want to consider dropping.

Welcome back to The Cut List as we head into Week 21 of the 2025 season. For every add, there is usually also a drop. For those unfamiliar, this is our weekly article examining players whom fantasy managers might consider cutting from their teams and struggling players who warrant a closer look.

We'll examine players worthy of a drop, those worth monitoring for potential replacements, and individuals on the hot seat who are worth holding onto ... for now. Those of you experienced Cut List readers will know I'm a strong advocate for not making knee-jerk reactions. A bad week or two shouldn't be a reason to push the panic button and dump someone.

As the season rolls on, there will be stronger cases to drop underperforming players. If there's ever someone you want me to take a look at, drop their name on Reddit, the RotoBaller Discord chat rooms, or reach out to me on X (@Baseball_Jimbo). Maybe you'll see them included next week. All stats and rostered rates (taken from Yahoo!) reflect when this piece was written.

Semien is on course to have his worst full season since 2018. After 122 games, the veteran infielder is hitting .223/.299/.353 with 14 home runs, 59 RBI, 58 runs, and 11 stolen bases. Semien has never had a worse batting average in a year other than the 2020 shortened season.

Semien's slugging percentage is also set to be a career low, while he's on pace to miss out on 20+ homers in a full season for the first time since 2018. Semien got off to an ice-cold start to 2025, hitting .193/.278/.257 with a 55 wRC+ by the end of May. Then came June, and some hope of a recovery.

Semien hit .324/.383/.549 in June and doubled his season home run total to eight. That was as good as things got. While Semien did hit five homers in July, he's hitting .195/.271/.349 with a 73 wRC+ since July 1. And a look at Semien's Statcast Profile doesn't offer much hope of a June repeat.

Semien has been hitting third in the Rangers lineup, which generally carries some value. On Friday, he was moved down to sixth in the order. We don't know if that will be the norm moving forward, as he missed Saturday's game due to a sore wrist after being hit by a pitch on Friday.

While Semien can still help with some RBI and runs from that spot, the Rangers' offense ranks 26th for runs scored in August (50). Given his expected stats are below league average, the hope of a productive end to 2025 doesn't seem realistic. That's even if Semien avoids a spell on the IL (injured list).

Verdict: Semien still only ranks 19th among second basemen this year and 47th over the last 30 days (according to Yahoo! 5x5 rotisserie scoring). Second base is not a position of depth in fantasy. But, there's still likely going to be a better option on waivers in all but deep leagues.

Jasson Dominguez - OF, New York Yankees - 48% rostered

Dominguez's first full season in the Majors has been a solid one. After 102 games, he has a .255/.330/.387 slash line with nine home runs, 39 RBI, 50 runs, and 20 stolen bases. Nothing really stands out, but it is a solid foundation to build upon in the future.

For the present, Dominguez has very little fantasy value. After hitting .272/.322/.444 in July, Dominguez got off to a slow start in August. He started the month with a three-hit performance, but went 1-for-19 after that. The slump ultimately led to Dominguez sitting out three games to start this week.

Dominguez did return to the lineup Friday, going 1-for-4. He drove in a run for the first time since August 1, although he did get caught stealing. He followed that up with a 2-for-5 performance on Saturday. Dominquez stole his 20th base of the season and drove in another run.

Even before the struggles, Dominguez was a good, not great, fantasy option. With six weeks of the season left, he's lacking much fantasy upside. Dominguez also misplayed a ball in left field Saturday, turning a single into a triple. His defense has been a problem this year and won't keep him in the lineup.

Verdict: In dynasty leagues, Dominguez is still a certain hold. It's easy to forget that he is only 22 years old and has just 128 MLB games under his belt. For the remainder of 2025, Dominguez holds little value other than in the deepest redraft leagues or if you're in serious need of steals.

Fried was on track for Cy Young Award consideration to start the year. He ended June with a 1.92 ERA (17 starts), and Fried's 10 wins tied with Tarik Skubal for the most in the Majors. When the calendars flipped over to July, things went downhill.

Since July 1, Fried has had a 6.80 ERA (eight starts) and recorded just one quality start. That's after having 13 quality starts in his first 17 outings. We can see from the table below how Fried's numbers have significantly regressed over the last seven weeks.

If we look at Fried's ERA, xFIP, and SIERA, we can see that he was somewhat lucky to start the season. And he's been a bit unlucky recently. But even his xFIP and SIERA have regressed since July. Fried is simply getting hit more, walking more batters, and striking out fewer batters.

Fried doesn't rely on an overpowering fastball, and there hasn't been any drop in his velocity recently. Things just haven't been going his way as of late. That was on display last Sunday. Fried should have had a called strike three to get out of the fifth inning, with two earned runs to his name.

The pitch was called a ball, and the very next pitch was lined into right field to score two more runs. Fried left the game after recording the final out of the fifth inning. Yesterday saw something similar as Fried made it six straight starts allowing four or more runs.

Dominguez's misplay in left field cost a run in the first. Fried then struggled in the second inning before settling in to almost salvage the outing. In the sixth inning, he gave up a two-run homer to Nolan Gorman on a pitch that was closer to hitting the batter than it was to being a strike.

The last two starts have felt indicative of how things have been going for Fried and the Yankees. Despite the recent struggles, he still has a 3.26 ERA this year. Fried has also got a career 3.10 ERA. I wouldn't be dropping him due to a tough few weeks. He warrants a longer leash. For now...

Steven Kwan - OF, Cleveland Guardians - 88% rostered

Kwan is mainly drafted for runs and a good batting average. In his first three years in the Majors, Kwan's season average was 88 runs (142 games) while hitting .285/.359/.396. Although Kwan had a career-low 12 stolen bases in 2024, he more than doubled his career home run total (14).

While Kwan is on track to reach 80 runs for a fourth straight season, he's been struggling for some time. Kwan ended May with a .315/.372/.441 slash line. Since June 1, Kwan has hit .246/.310/.354. Despite the struggles, his counting stats have been consistent.

Kwan had played 56 games by the end of May. He had five homers, 20 RBI, 29 runs, and eight steals. Since June 1, Kwan has played 60 games and has five homers, 20 RBI, 32 runs, and five steals. Kwan has remained productive despite his slash line trending in the wrong direction.

The main reason for that is opportunity. Kwan has been the Guardians' leadoff hitter all year. The Guardians haven't improved offensively. They ranked 23rd in runs scored (231) at the end of May. Since June 1, they rank 29th in runs scored (253).

It has been somewhat of an anomaly that Kwan has been able to maintain decent counting stats, despite his and Cleveland's offensive numbers dropping. Kwan has also shown some life lately, with six hits, two homers, and two steals in his last six games.

That is why Kwan is still worth hanging onto for now. Kwan has been able to score runs at a solid rate and chip in with a consistent number of homers and RBI, while struggling. And unless runs is a category in which you do not need to focus on anymore, Kwan is still worth rostering.

It's been a real mixed bag for Strider this year as he's returned from elbow surgery in 2024. Strider made his season debut on April 16. A hamstring strain saw him then shelved for a month. Unsurprisingly, Strider struggled on his return, with a 5.40 ERA in his first five starts of 2025.

Strider then found his groove. His subsequent seven outings had a 2.53 ERA, and six of them were quality starts. Unfortunately, things have taken a bit of a nose-dive recently, with Tuesday seeing Strider tagged for eight runs in four innings.

That's left Strider with a 5-10 W-L record, 4.69 ERA, 1.36 WHIP, and 100 Ks (86 1/3 innings). The first thing to note is that Strider has been a bit unlucky. His 3.81 xFIP and 3.75 SIERA suggest his ERA is inflated. Strider has a 4.81 xFIP and 4.60 SIERA over his last four starts, so some regression was warranted.

Normally, when a pitcher starts being knocked around, the first thing to check is their velocity. In Strider's case, it's not dropped. In fact, his fastball velocity has actually increased recently.

Strider's average fastball velocity this year (95.6 MPH) is down from 2023 (97.2 MPH) and 2022 (98.2 MPH). Hardly a shock after missing a year following elbow surgery. And although the velocity isn't dropping, Strider might just be running out of steam.

We need to factor in that the Braves' season has been a disaster. With nothing to play for, it wouldn't be a surprise if Strider was pitching within himself. Not wanting to risk aggravating his elbow injury in his first year back in what is a lost year in Atlanta.

Whatever the case may be, Strider isn't helping fantasy managers right now. And unless he can turn around his recent form, he won't help fantasy managers over the remainder of the season. The good news is that Strider will have a good chance to steady the ship.

If the Braves move to a six-man rotation when Chris Sale returns from the IL, Strider could face the White Sox and Marlins in his next two starts. The concern is that he likely faces the Phillies afterwards. If he gets hit hard in his next two starts, could you trust starting Strider against the Phillies?

Strider could then face the Mariners, Astros, and Tigers in September. There's also the chance the Braves shut him down next month. Whatever they choose to do, Strider needs to put in a couple of solid performances over the next 10 days; otherwise, it may not be worth keeping him around.

As always, we're keen to hear who you want us to analyze. If there is anyone you want to include on next week's Cut List, drop their names on the Reddit thread or in the RotoBaller Discord chat rooms. Alternatively, you can reach out to me on X, and we'll endeavor to cover some requests each week.

Wyatt Langford - OF, Texas Rangers - 91% rostered

After last year's productive rookie season, it feels like Langford has taken a step back in 2025. After 102 games, Langford has 16 homers, 48 RBI, 50 runs, and 16 steals while hitting .237/.323/.409. In reality, Langford's numbers are similar to those of last year.

If we compare Langford's quality of contact numbers, he's actually hitting the ball harder this year and barrelling the ball more. The biggest issue fantasy managers have had with Langford is the drop-off in power in recent weeks.

Of Langford's 16 home runs, 11 of them were hit by the end of May. He has been on the IL twice this season, both due to oblique injuries. Given he's got a .248/.352/.384 slash line since returning from the IL a second time, Langford doesn't seem to be experiencing any lingering effects.

The problem may lie with the Rangers' ballpark. Globe Life Field ranked as the most hitter-friendly ballpark for home runs in 2023 (according to Statcast Park Factors). Last year, it ranked 13th for homers. In 2025, only the Pirates' PNC Park has been less hitter-friendly for home runs.

There has been plenty of noise coming out of Texas regarding the ballpark. Players and officials don't seem to know why Globe Life Field has been so different this year. The reality is, things aren't going to suddenly change in the coming weeks.

The ballpark isn't to blame for Langford's increased strikeout rate. Langford has a 25.7% K% at home and 29.1% K% on the road. That feels more like pitchers adjusting to Langford and the sophomore now needing to readjust to how he's being pitched to.

Langford has also been dealing with forearm tightness. It caused him to miss only one game earlier this week. We should still believe in his talent, and he is on pace for a 20/20 season. However, there are enough red flags to justify dropping Langford in shallower leagues if you can find a suitable replacement.

Lawrence Butler - OF, Athletics - 84% rostered

Butler has plenty of similarities with Langford. Both impressed in their first full season as a Major Leaguer last year. Both flashed a speed and power combination that suggested a 20/20 season was likely this year. And while both are set to have 20/20, Butler has also disappointed.

After 118 games, Butler has a .230/.303/.404 slash line, with 16 homers, 47 RBI, 66 runs, and 17 steals. The big disappointment is his batting average. Butler hit .262/.317/.490 in 2024, but given he has a .234 xBA, Butler isn't going to come particularly close to matching last year's batting average.

While Butler has maintained a solid number of home runs and stolen bases each month, his batting average has been plummeting. At the end of May, Butler had a solid .258/.320/.448 slash line. He then regressed in June, hitting .234/.311/.402. Since July 1, Butler has been hitting .175/.267/.325.

Butler's struggles have seen him move out of the leadoff spot and hit seventh in recent days. He's also found himself in something of a platoon, seldom facing left-handed pitchers (LHP). Butler has a .176/.219/.341 slash line and 38.5% K% against lefties, so that shouldn't come as a surprise.

And that's what also impacts Butler's fantasy outlook. He's still hitting homers and stealing bases enough to warrant rostering. But if you're in weekly lineup leagues, Butler may not have enough at-bats each week to justify keeping. I'd still hold in daily lineup leagues and deep leagues.

Brandon Nimmo - OF, New York Mets - 84% rostered

Nimmo rounds off our trio of requested outfielders this week. And many of the pros and cons we've covered for other players in this Cut List also hold relevance for Nimmo. As far as the pros go, the main one is where Nimmo is hitting in the Mets' lineup.

Nimmo spent time in the middle of the lineup to start the season. He moved up to the leadoff spot for much of July, and this past week has been hitting third. Anytime a player is hitting between Juan Soto and Pete Alonso, they deserve fantasy consideration. Like others, Nimmo has been struggling lately.

However, despite the struggles, Nimmo has consistently provided counting stats. He has homered between four and six times each month, but has just one home run in August. Nimmo has also scored between 11 and 16 runs each month, with seven runs scored this August.

Nimmo only managed to drive in eight runs in May, but has reached 14 RBI in every other month. Again, he has seven RBI in August. Despite hitting just .216/.339/.314 in 14 games this month, Nimmo could still hit four home runs and is on pace to drive in 14 runs and score 14 runs.

If Nimmo continues to hit third in order, we shouldn't expect many more stolen bases. Of his 12 steals this year, 11 came in June and July. Last year's 15 stolen bases were a career-high and the first time Nimmo had reached double-digit steals. He won't help with stolen bases over the remainder of 2025.

While Nimmo has been prone to periods with a sub-.200 batting average in recent seasons, he's still found ways to produce the counting stats. As long as he's hitting between Soto and Alonso, Nimmo is only someone to drop if his batting average is harming your team more than the counting stats are helping.


6. Chris Scott fires shot at SCG turf: 'Looked like Mumbai out there'

'If you think that's optimal for AFL football, you don't understand what's optimal for AFL football.'

Geelong coach Chris Scott has bemoaned the centre cricket wicket at the SCG, saying it looked more like a pitch in India than an AFL ground.

The veteran coach was spotted appearing to shake his head in disapproval as he inspected the turf wicket area before Sunday's clash against Sydney.

WATCH THE VIDEO ABOVE: Chris Scott bemoans SCG surface after Sydney clash.

Know the news with the 7NEWS app: Download today

The SCG, along with the Gabba, is one of the few AFL grounds left in the country that still has a turf wicket left in place throughout the winter.

Most grounds now, like the MCG, Adelaide Oval, and Optus Stadium, use drop-in wickets which are installed after the AFL season.

Asked about his thoughts on the ground after the game, Scott said it was less than ideal.

"The actual surface looks beautiful, the rye grass is quite soft, I know there's been a lot of rain up here," he said.

"But it's the contrast between quite soft area outside the centre square and then pretty rock-hard centre wicket area -- it's just not conducive to AFL football.

"And so, the strange part with so much rain is that it's covered all the time, and you've got this baked... you know, it looked like Mumbai out there.

"That's for them to work through, but my position would be, if you think that's optimal for AFL football, you don't understand what's optimal for AFL football.

"But again, not my concern, really. Well, it was my concern today, but I wouldn't read too much into my body language."

Scott said he wasn't too fazed with it, but admitted the cricket pitch being covered the day before the game posed a problem for their captain's run.

"I wasn't that worried; it was exactly what we expected. We rocked up here yesterday and the centre wicket's covered," he said.

"I'm not sure there's much point having a training session the day before when the pitch is covered -- it's pretty much the reason we're here."

He doesn't have too much to be annoyed about though -- Geelong are in the box seat to claim a top-two finish after cruising to a 43-point win over Sydney without a firing Jeremy Cameron.

Cats spearhead Cameron was held goalless as the visitors posted a 16.15 (111) to 10.8 (68) result in front of 37,565 fans at the SCG on Sunday.

Scott's side should easily wrap up second spot for the finals with lowly Richmond up next for their final home-and-away clash.

Ladder leaders Adelaide, who are one game clear, will also be heavily favoured to beat strugglers North Melbourne.

Geelong would gain home team designation for their finals if they finish top two, but the AFL has said they would be at the MCG rather than the Cats' GMBHA Stadium.

"Our ambition is just to win the next game and I think that would get us a home final," Scott said.

"The language around, 'Oh, we won't settle for anything less', it implies that if there was less on the line that we'd try less.

"I just don't subscribe to that theory. We should be trying to get every single bit right now."

Cameron was looking to make strides towards becoming the first player since Lance Franklin in 2008 to reach 100 goals in a season.

Instead, Cameron -- who leads the league on 79 goals -- finished with just 10 touches and one behind under close attention from Sydney defender Tom McCartin.

Shannon Neale was electric early with four goals in the first half, while Tyson Stengle and Shaun Mannagh slotted three goals apiece.

Cats midfielder Bailey Smith collected 30 touches and five clearances.

Geelong coach Scott pulled all the right levers to limit Sydney's midfield stars, with Mark O'Connor brilliant in a tagging role on proven match-winner Isaac Heeney.

Heeney (one goal, 15 disposals) could not contain his frustration and gave away three free kicks to the Cats defender for high blows and a dangerous tackle.

"The only discussion I had with Isaac is to worry about what he can control," Swans coach Dean Cox said.

"Frustration can get the best of you and it happened a couple of times tonight."

Errol Gulden and Chad Warner had little say, while Pete Ladhams impressed (two goals, 35 hitouts) as a fill-in for concussed Swans ruck Brodie Grundy.

Sydney had started brightly and kept Geelong goalless until near the 20-minute mark of the first quarter.

But the Swans fumbled their 20-point lead, with Neale kicking two goals to fire the Cats ahead.

Ladhams responded to draw scores level at 4.3 (27) at quarter-time, with Cats ruck Mark Blicavs spraying his after-the-siren snap from the boundary.

A rare McCartin goal helped the Swans regain the lead but it didn't last long.

Geelong wrestled back momentum with two Neale goals and built a nine-point lead at halftime when Stengle kicked his first major.

The home side slotted only one goal in the third quarter before Tom Papley reached the 300-goal mark with a long bomb from just outside the 50m arc.


7. Apple iPhone 17 launch: From design changes to higher prices, here's what's expected  | The National

Apple will try to avoid linking any increase in prices to the tariffs, according to a Wall Street Journal report.

Apple is expected to unveil its newest line-up of iPhones in less than four weeks' time. Expectedly, the internet's citizens are excited and speculating about what's to come.

Barring any major surprises, the company is set to hold its centrepiece event in the second week of next month, with most agreeing that September 9 is the date to bookmark.

Here's what we know about the next generation of Apple's flagship, likely to be called the iPhone 17. Apple does not comment on rumours or speculation.

The talk: Since 2019, Apple has made it a point to release four devices - two base models and two Pro variants. That is rumoured to change this time.

The base iPhone 17 will still be there, design intact from its predecessor, although its screen might be bumped up from 6.1 inches (155mm) to 6.3 inches, which would bring it on par with the base Pro model.

The Pro and Pro Max variants, meanwhile, are expected to stay put at 6.3 inches and 6.9 inches, respectively. But the biggest design upgrade, purportedly, is that their camera block would stretch the entire width of their rear, with the flash, mic and light sensor to be placed on the right side.

Perhaps the most anticipated device this year is the long-speculated iPhone 17 Air, Apple's entry into the emerging slim-phone game. It is said to have a thickness of only 5.5mm, making it the thinnest iPhone ever, that would pip the Samsung Galaxy S25 Edge.

It is unclear what Apple would be adding and subtracting in terms of specs, but renderings are suggesting it will feature one camera, with a camera block also extending across its width.

Quick take: Apple introducing a new design is overdue, having stuck with practically the same formula for the past few years (and switching up camera lens arrangements).

And while we do, however, want the flat, iPhone 4-esque design reintroduced in the iPhone 12, building around this would bode well for mass appeal. For instance, if those extended camera blocks become a reality, it will have a fresher look.

Beyond that, it's also important to deliver on what's inside. Among those are better battery life and meaningful upgrades to Apple Intelligence.

The talk: Apple will be raising the prices of the coming iPhone 17 models by $50, according to reports quoting analysts and tipsters.

While that would be a straight-up increase across the board, there's one outlier: it's been said that the iPhone 17 Pro - now possibly with a base cost of $1,049 - will be losing its 128GB option.

That means you'd get double the storage for only $50 more: the current 256GB version of the iPhone 16 Pro costs $1,099, meaning Apple would be giving more for less.

But a more important discussion: if this is true, Apple raising prices could be also due in part to the effect of US trade tariffs, in addition to new upgrades and manufacturing costs.

Quick take: This particular talking point is nothing new since it's basically omnipresent with each iPhone launch. The good news was that, in the past, Apple didn't frequently raise its prices. Even last year, with the introduction of Apple Intelligence, the company retained prices.

Historically, however, we may be due for an increase: the longest period for Apple not raising prices has been five years - or cycles, to be more precise - from 2012 to 2016, spanning the iPhone 5 and iPhone 7.

Last year was the fifth straight year of no increase, meaning Apple staying put on prices this year would be a record for the longest price maintenance streak.

Would it be coincidence that Apple will raise prices in the era of tariffs? That's unclear. What language Apple will use on any potential price rise is also of interest, taking into consideration report by The Wall Street Journal that the company will try to avoid linking any increases to the tariffs.

The talk: iPhones and Apple Watches have traditionally come hand-in-hand, so the Watch Series 11 could be launched next month. Also, new AirPods could be unveiled.

Two Apple Watches are on the radar: Series 11, which is said to feature a new high blood pressure detector and 5G cellular connectivity, and Watch Ultra 3, an update to Apple's rugged digital timepiece.

Quick take: From a hardware perspective, we're not expecting much from the new watches - although that blood pressure monitor would be an interesting and useful addition. We fully expect Apple to announce collaborations with some of the biggest health entities for developing this.

For the AirPods, while a token upgrade is due for the standard wireless buds, we're very much more interested in a new version of the AirPods Max; we feel that this audio device has somewhat been buried. It isn't forgotten though, because of its excellent music quality. So if there is, pound-for-pound, an Apple device really due for an upgrade, we're arguing this is it.


8. Journalist: Ajax eye surprise move for Chelsea star, Blues desperate to find solution

Ajax have held talks with Chelsea defender Axel Disasi over a potential move according to journalist Graeme Bailey.

Disasi is one of a number of players the Blues are looking to move on before the end of the transfer window, but so far they've received no offers.

The 27-year-old spent the second half of last season on loan at Aston Villa, where he made ten appearances in all competitions.

Villa seem highly unlikely to sign Disasi on a permanent basis, but the Frenchman has been linked with a number of clubs.

Wolves are the most recent to have shown interest in Disasi, whilst Newcastle were reportedly interested before they signed Malick Thiaw.

Disasi has attracted interest from a number of clubs. (Photo by Ryan Hiscott/Getty Images)

Villarreal supposedly explored a loan move for Disasi, but it appears another European club could be interested in his services according to Bailey.

"Axel Disasi is on his way out, a number of clubs have had talks, including Wolves and also am told Ajax - but he is considering options," he said as cited on X.com.

Ajax are in the market for a defender, and have money to spend having sold Jorrel Hato to Chelsea earlier this summer.

Chelsea are thought to want around €35m for Disasi, but it remains to be seen if any club are prepared to meet or get close to that valuation.

It's not only Disasi Chelsea are trying to sell, they are also actively looking for a club for Renato Veiga, despite him only joining last summer.

More Stories / Latest News

Journalist: Ajax eye surprise move for Chelsea star, Blues desperate to find solution

17th Aug 2025, 11:00am

Sky Sports reporter reveals how Chelsea really feel about Tosin, fans likely to be divided

17th Aug 2025, 10:30am

Ben Jacobs reveals how much Chelsea will make after Nottingham Forest complete £37.5m transfer

17th Aug 2025, 10:00am

Veiga spent the second half of last season on loan at Juventus, and saw a move to Atletico Madrid fall through earlier this summer.

Villarreal had a bid rejected for Veiga, and he's reportedly their dream target for the centre back position, with Chelsea believed to want a total package of €40m, which would represent a significant profit on the €14m they paid.


9. 'Unsettling': Former teacher pleads guilty to 21 felony counts of child sex crimes against girl | Blaze Media

Stefanie Erin Kellenberger, 40, recently pleaded guilty to four counts of third-degree felony sexual battery and 17 counts of third-degree felony unlawful sexual conduct with a minor, according to Richland County Common Pleas Court records.

'This news may be unsettling, especially for families with children in our schools.'

According to the Mansfield News Journal, Richland County Common Pleas Judge Brent Robinson said, "You had been a teacher. She had been a student. But at the time these occurred, you were not her teacher, and she was not your student."

State prosecutors informed the court that there was "no use of force" in Kellenberger's sexual abuse.

"Consent was never an issue in this case," James Mayer III, Kellenberger's defense attorney, stated. "It's an age thing."

Mayer reportedly pointed out that his client had no legal issues before this case.

Bryan Dove, an assistant prosecutor for Richland County, alleged that Kellenberger began grooming the girl when she was just 13 years old and that the child sex abuse began when the victim turned 14.

"The relationship continued until the age of consent," Dove told the judge.

Ohio law declares that 16 years old is the age of consent.

RELATED: Married ex-teacher escapes jail sentence after accused of sharing explicit videos with student, inviting teen to have sex

Kellenberger allegedly sexually abused the girl at her home in Shelby, according to the New York Post. Prosecutors claimed Kellenberger committed child sexual abuse between February 2020 and October 2021, the Richland Source said.

The victim allegedly asked that Kellenberger serve three years in prison, but the judge reportedly said that the sentence was too lenient for the severity of the crimes.

The Post said prosecutors presented Kellenberger with two options: 12 years flat prison time or 15 years with the possibility of judicial release after 10 years.

The disgraced teacher reportedly chose the second option when she pleaded guilty, court documents show.

Kellenberger also must register as a Tier 3 sex offender, court papers said. She was ordered to have no contact with minors and forfeit her teaching license forever.

Dove noted, "The victim is relieved to not have to testify. That's why we entered into this agreement with the defendant."

RELATED: Ex-teacher pleads guilty to sex with 11-year-old at 'play dates,' blamed boy for advances, sent him hundreds of dollars: Cops

Kellenberger was a sixth-grade English and language arts teacher at Shelby City Schools at the time of her crimes.

Shelby City Schools Superintendent Michael Browning sent a letter to parents in October 2024 regarding the accusations against Kellenberger.

"As a follow-up to the communication sent on March 4, 2024, I have been informed that the staff member placed on administrative leave following serious allegations has been arrested, and criminal charges have been brought against them," Browning stated, according to a separate story by the Richland Source. "This news may be unsettling, especially for families with children in our schools."

Browning added that "we have been in touch with the district's legal counsel and are awaiting further guidance. As shared previously, the staff member was immediately placed on leave and has had no contact with students or staff since the investigation began."

The Mansfield News Journal in a separate story reported that Kellenberger resigned in October 2024 "due to personal reasons."

Superintendent Browning said at the time, "She is no longer an employee. We're going to move on."

Kellenberger's photo was still visible on the Shelby City Schools website on Friday morning.

Kellenberger is scheduled for sentencing on Oct. 6, according to court records.


10. John Mbadi assures Kenyans of govt's vow of equitable distribution of development projects

#ktnnews #KTNNewsDigital #ktnkenya #KTNTV #KTNHome #KenyaNews

🔴 LIVE: US Election Day 2024: KTN News Kenya | Breaking News &amp; Entertainment Hub

Welcome to the 24/7 KTN Kenya News Channel on YouTube - your trusted source for the latest news and updates in Kenya and beyond. Stay informed with our comprehensive news coverage, breaking stories, in-depth analysis, and exclusive reports. Our live-streaming service brings you real-time updates on current affairs, politics, business, technology, health, entertainment, and much more. Join us and be a part of the conversation, and don't forget to subscribe for the latest news and updates. Stay connected with KTN Kenya News, your reliable news partner. #KTNKenya #NewsChannel #BreakingNews #KenyaNews #ktnprime #livestream #livenews

SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube channel for more great videos:

https://www.youtube.com/ktnnewskenya Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/KTNNewsKe

Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/KTNNewsKenya

KTN News is a leading 24-hour TV channel in Eastern Africa with its headquarters located along Mombasa Road, at Standard Group Centre. This is the most authoritative news channel in Kenya and beyond. Watch KTN Live http://www.ktnnews.com/live Watch KTN News http://www.ktnnews.com Follow us on http://www.twitter.com/ktnnews Like us on http://www.facebook.com/ktnnews


11. Pakistan defends flood response after over 200 people killed in northwestern district

BUNER, Pakistan (AP) -- Pakistani authorities on Sunday defended their response to flash floods that killed more than 200 people in a single northwestern district last week.

Residents in Buner, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, accused officials of failing to warn them to evacuate after torrential rain and cloudbursts triggered deadly flooding and landslides. There was no warning broadcast from mosque loudspeakers, a traditional method in remote areas.

The government said that while an early warning system was in place, the sudden downpour in Buner was so intense that the deluge struck before residents could be alerted.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

Lt. Gen. Inam Haider, chairman of the National Disaster Management Authority, told a hastily convened news conference in Islamabad that Pakistan was experiencing shifting weather patterns because of climate change. Since the monsoon season began in June, Pakistan has already received 50% more rainfall than in the same period last year, he added.

He warned that more intense weather could follow, with heavy rains forecast to continue this month.

Asfandyar Khan Khattak, director-general of the Provincial Disaster Management Authority, said there was "no forecasting system anywhere in the world" that could predict the exact time and location of a cloudburst.

Mohammad Iqbal, a schoolteacher in Pir Baba village, said the lack of a timely warning system caused casualties and forced many to flee their homes at the last moment.

"Survivors escaped with nothing," he said. "If people had been informed earlier, lives could have been saved and residents could have moved to safer places."

Idrees Mahsud, a disaster management official, said Pakistan's early warning system used satellite imagery and meteorological data to send alerts to local authorities. These were shared through the media and community leaders. He said monsoon rains that once only swelled rivers now also triggered urban flooding.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

An emergency services spokesman in Buner, Mohammad Sohail, said more than half the damaged roads in the district had reopened by Sunday, allowing vehicles and heavy machinery to reach cut-off villages.

Crews were clearing piles of rocks and mud dumped by the floods. They were still using heavy machinery to remove the rubble of collapsed homes after families reported that some of their relatives were missing.

In one of the deadliest incidents, 24 people from one family died in the village of Qadar Nagar when floodwaters swept through their home on the eve of a wedding. The head of the family, Umar Khan, said he survived the floods because he was out of the house at the time. Four of his relatives have yet to be found, he added.

Authorities have warned of more deluges and possible landslides between now and Tuesday, urging local administrations to remain on alert. Higher-than-normal monsoon rains have lashed the country since June 26 and killed more than 600.

Pakistan is highly vulnerable to climate-induced disasters. In 2022, a record-breaking monsoon killed nearly 1,700 people and destroyed millions of homes.

The country also suffers regular flash floods and landslides during the monsoon season, which runs from June to September, particularly in the rugged northwest, where villages are often perched on steep slopes and riverbanks.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

Experts say climate change is intensifying the frequency and severity of such extreme weather events in South Asia.

In Indian-controlled Kashmir, torrential rains triggered flash floods in two villages in Kathua district that killed at least seven people and injured five overnight, officials said. Rescue and relief operations are underway.

In Kishtwar district, teams are continuing their efforts in the remote village of Chositi, looking for dozens of missing people after the area was hit by flash floods three days earlier. At least 60 were killed and some 150 injured, about 50 of them critically.

Thursday's floods struck during an annual Hindu pilgrimage. Authorities rescued over 300 people, while some 4,000 pilgrims were evacuated to safety.

___

Associated Press writers Munir Ahmed in Islamabad and Rasool Dawar in Buner, Pakistan, contributed to this story.


12. A Tribute To CIO Director Michael Muchenje Nyere

I was sitting at Gate 4, waiting to board the always-delayed Ugandan Airways flight. My heart was heavy as I prepared to leave the motherland once again for the so-called "slave yard." Then a message flickered onto my phone from a colleague. It carried the heaviest, most painful news: "Director Nyere is no more."

I had just met him. I never knew that meeting was a farewell.

Today, we mourn the loss of a remarkable individual who dedicated his life to serving our nation. As a distinguished intelligence officer, Director Michael Muchenje Nyere demonstrated exceptional skill, unwavering commitment, and unshakable integrity.

It is with profound grief and sorrow that the nation learnt of the untimely death of the late Cde. Michael Muchenje Nyere, who passed away suddenly on August 14, 2025. Known to those close to him as Cde. KIM, he was a practical officer who knew no bounds.

Michael Muchenje Nyere was born on April 24, 1961, in Chigasiye Village, Goromonzi District, Mashonaland East Province, to Fidelis Samie Nyere and Regina Raganai. From 1968 to 1974, he pursued his primary education at Ushewokunze Primary School in Seke District, before proceeding to Harare High School in Mbare, where he studied from 1975 to 1978. He successfully completed his 'A' Levels at the same school in 1979.

His journey in service began with civilian employment. After completing A Levels, he worked at Barclays Bank from March 1981 to March 1982, then as a teacher at Mukaro Secondary School in Gutu (April to August 1982). From September 1982 to September 1983, he served as a Personnel Clerk at Old Mutual.

In his pursuit of higher learning, Cde. Nyere enrolled at the University of Zimbabwe, where he obtained a Bachelor of Arts (Honours) degree in History (1984-1986). Motivated by the desire to defend the independence dividend, he was attested into the President's Department on May 1, 1988, as an Assistant Intelligence Officer under the External Branch.

He completed his Basic Intelligence Training Course at Hatfield Training Academy and began his career as an Evaluation Officer. His precision and devotion to duty saw him promoted to Assistant Senior Intelligence Officer (ASIO) in 1991.

In the same year, he was posted to Ethiopia as a Liaison Officer, where he served with distinction until 1995. On his return, he was appointed to the Evaluation Division and promoted to Senior Intelligence Officer (SIO) in January 1996. Four years later, in 2000, he rose to Divisional Intelligence Officer (DIO) and Deputy Head of the Evaluation Division.

In 2004, he was deployed to Rome, Italy, as Liaison Officer. During this tour of duty (2004-2011), he tenaciously defended Zimbabwe's national interests against Western diplomatic onslaughts. Later, under Director General Isaac Moyo, he was tasked to engage private media journalists, encouraging them to defend their country with honesty and without bias.

In 2011, he was promoted to Principal Intelligence Officer (PIO) and appointed Head of Anti-Corruption Investigations under the Economics Branch. A year later, in August 2012, he became Principal Staff Officer (PSO) to the Director General.

From 2015 onwards, Nyere continued to ascend through the ranks -- redeployed as Head of Evaluation (PIO) in the External Branch, then promoted to Assistant Director, Planning and Co-ordination (2018), Deputy Director of the same (2020), and finally Director of Analysis and Co-ordination after the division was upgraded into a full branch. On February 6, 2025, he was redeployed to the Economics Branch, where he served until his sudden passing.

Cde. Nyere was more than just a senior officer; he was a fatherly figure whose wisdom and counsel guided many. In meetings, he often spoke of truth and responsibility. "Loving a country does not mean lying through writing," he once told me. "Let the truth be said responsibly."

On another occasion, he reflected: "Some journalists will be punished in heaven for giving people an overdose of truth, and others for starving people of the truth. Strike a balance -- be responsible and truthful."

Such was the depth of his wisdom.

He inspired not only his colleagues in the intelligence community but also writers and journalists. Unlike some officers consumed by pride, Nyere was humble, approachable, and deeply committed to nurturing others.

Just days before his passing, I met him at the Monomotapa Hotel for one of our usual review meetings. He showed no signs of illness. We shared a warm, meaningful conversation -- his dedication, expertise, and love for country still abundant and clear.

His contributions to Zimbabwe's national security and defence will not be forgotten. His legacy is one of unwavering service, inspiring leadership, and unmatched integrity.

As we bid farewell to this remarkable patriot, we take comfort in knowing his work will continue to inspire and protect our nation.

May Director Michael Muchenje Nyere rest in eternal peace, knowing his service has made a lasting impact.

Fare thee well, comrade. Rest in peace, Simboti -- the Leopard of Integrity.

Your legacy lives on in the hearts of those you served and inspired.


13. Air Canada says it is restarting flights Sunday

TORONTO (AP) -- Air Canada said it plans to resume flights on Sunday after the Canadian government intervened and forced the airline and its striking flight attendants back to work and into arbitration.

The strike stranded more than 100,000 travelers around the world during the peak summer travel season.

The country's largest airline said in a release that the first flights will resume Sunday evening but that it will take several days before its operations return to normal. It said some flights will be canceled over the next seven to 10 days until the schedule is stabilized.

Less than 12 hours after workers walked off the job, Federal Jobs Minister Patty Hajdu ordered the 10,000 flight attendants back to work, saying now is not the time to take risks with the economy and noting the unprecedented tariffs the U.S. has imposed on Canada. Hajdu referred the work stoppage to the Canada Industrial Relations Board.

The airline said Sunday the Canada Industrial Relations Board has extended the term of the existing collective agreement until a new one is determined by the arbitrator.

The shutdown of Canada's largest airline early Saturday was impacting about 130,000 people a day. Air Canada operates around 700 flights per day.

According to numbers from aviation analytics provider Cirium, Air Canada had canceled a total of 671 flights by Saturday afternoon -- following 199 on Friday. And another 96 flights scheduled for Sunday were already suspended.

The bitter contract fight escalated Friday as the union turned down Air Canada's prior request to enter into government-directed arbitration, which allows a third-party mediator to decide the terms of a new contract.

Flight attendants walked off the job around 1 a.m. EDT on Saturday. Around the same time, Air Canada said it would begin locking flight attendants out of airports.

Last year, the government forced the country's two major railroads into arbitration with their labor union during a work stoppage. The union for the rail workers is suing, arguing the government is removing a union's leverage in negotiations.

The Business Council of Canada had urged the government to impose binding arbitration in this case, too. And the Canadian Chamber of Commerce welcomed the intervention.

Hajdu maintained that her Liberal government is not anti-union, saying it is clear the two sides are at an impasse.

Passengers whose flights are impacted will be eligible to request a full refund on the airline's website or mobile app, according to Air Canada.

The airline said it would also offer alternative travel options through other Canadian and foreign airlines when possible. Still, it warned that it could not guarantee immediate rebooking because flights on other airlines are already full "due to the summer travel peak."

Air Canada and the Canadian Union of Public Employees have been in contract talks for about eight months, but they have yet to reach a tentative deal.

Both sides have said they remain far apart on the issue of pay and the unpaid work flight attendants do when planes aren't in the air.

The airline's latest offer included a 38% increase in total compensation, including benefits and pensions, over four years, that it said "would have made our flight attendants the best compensated in Canada."

But the union pushed back, saying the proposed 8% raise in the first year didn't go far enough because of inflation.

News Nevada Top stories HAN Executive Director resigns; Wife's Marketing Agency ends partnership, Organization plans for new leadership Updated Aug 14, 2025 Sierra County deputies seek missing man last seen in Downieville Updated Aug 14, 2025 Crews respond to crash at Airway Drive and McCarran Boulevard Thursday Updated Aug 14, 2025 One arrested, six cited in prostitution sting operation Aug 14, 2025


14. European leaders to join Ukraine's Zelenskyy for White House meeting with Trump

As we navigate through unprecedented times, our journalists are working harder than ever to bring you the latest local updates to keep you safe and informed.

Now, more than ever, we need your support.

Starting at $15.99 plus taxes every four weeks you can access your Brandon Sun online and full access to all content as it appears on our website.

or call circulation directly at (204) 727-0527.

Your pledge helps to ensure we provide the news that matters most to your community!


15. GST reform plan: PM Modi seeks states' backing on draft proposal, promises double Diwali bonus for people - Times of India

The TOI Business Desk is a vigilant and dedicated team of journalists committed to delivering the latest and most relevant business news from around the world to readers of The Times of India. The primary focus of the TOI Business Desk is to keep a watchful eye on the global business landscape, covering a wide spectrum of industries, markets, economic trends, in-depth analysis, exclusive reports and breaking stories that impact businesses and economies. With a mission to provide valuable insights and updates, the desk ensures that TOI readers are well-informed about the ever-changing and dynamic world of commerce and can navigate the complexities of the business world.


16. Hurricane Erin downgraded to Category 3 as tropical storm warning issued for Turks and Caicos

Hurricane Erin was downgraded to a Category 3 hurricane early Sunday as a tropical storm warning was issued for the Turks and Caicos Islands and winds and heavy rains whipped the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico.

Erin, the first Atlantic hurricane of 2025, reached Category 5 status before weakening, with maximum sustained winds of 125 mph (205 kph), according to the National Hurricane Center in Miami.

The storm's center was about 155 miles (245 kilometers) north of San Juan, Puerto Rico and nearly 300 miles (500 kilometers) east of the Grand Turk Island, moving west-northwest at 14 mph (22 kph).

A tropical storm warning means tropical storm conditions are expected somewhere within the warning area, and in this case, within 24 hours, the NHC said. Heavy rain is still expected across the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico, with rainfall of 3 to 6 inches (about 7.6 to 15 cms), with 8 inches (20 cms) in some isolated areas.

Swells were also expected to affect portions of the Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Hispaniola, and the Turks and Caicos Islands during the next couple of days, the NHC reported.

The government of the Bahamas also issued a tropical storm watch for the Southeast Bahamas.

Scientists have linked the rapid intensification of hurricanes in the Atlantic to climate change. Global warming is causing the atmosphere to hold more water vapor and is spiking ocean temperatures, and warmer waters give hurricanes fuel to unleash more rain and strengthen more quickly.

News Nevada Top stories Relay for Life celebrates cancer survivors at Idlewild Park Updated 8 hrs ago Crews respond to crash at Airway Drive and McCarran Boulevard Thursday Updated Aug 14, 2025 Two new wildfires burn in northern and eastern Nevada Updated 9 hrs ago Two die in crash at U.S. 395 and Lemmon Drive Updated 9 hrs ago


17. R Madhavan says with age, actors should choose heroines carefully: 'People feel ye picture ke bahaane aish kar raha hai' | Hindi Movie News - Times of India

The TOI Entertainment Desk is a dynamic and dedicated team of journalists, working tirelessly to bring the pulse of the entertainment world straight to the readers of The Times of India. No red carpet goes unrolled, no stage goes dark - our team spans the globe, bringing you the latest scoops and insider insights from Bollywood to Hollywood, and every entertainment hotspot in between. We don't just report; we tell tales of stardom and stories untold. Whether it's the rise of a new sensation or the seasoned journey of an industry veteran, the TOI Entertainment Desk is your front-row seat to the fascinating narratives that shape the entertainment landscape. Beyond the breaking news, we present a celebration of culture. We explore the intersections of entertainment with society, politics, and everyday life.


18. India News | Election Commission Deleted Names of Voters by Listing Them as Dead,  Claims Bihar Congress President | LatestLY

Sasaram (Bihar) [India], August 17 (ANI): Bihar Congress President Rajesh Ram on Sunday slammed the Election Commission for alleged errors in the voter list during the 'Voter Adhikaar Yatra' in Sasaram, claiming many voters who were still alive had been wrongly listed as dead.

He claimed, "The method adopted by the Election Commission to delete the names of people has revealed that those who are alive were also eliminated from the list by placing them in the dead category."

Also Read | Diesel Blending: Nitin Gadkari Confirms Research on 10% Biodiesel Blending Underway During Event in Pune; Report.

Meanwhile, RJD MP Manoj Jha said the voters of Bihar are raising their voice and described the Election Commission as "more of a player than an empire." He added, "..This voice was from the voters of Bihar. The Election Commission is no longer an empire; it's more like a player...Whatever started in Bihar will happen in different states."

Ahead of the yatra, RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav and Bihar Assembly Leader of Opposition Tejashwi Yadav jointly accused the BJP of trying to destroy the Constitution by undermining people's voting rights. Tejashwi said, "The people of the BJP are misusing Constitutional agencies, trying to destroy democracy and the Constitution. Bihar's land is the land of democracy. We will not let this happen, that BJP destroys, we will fight wherever we want and we will not let our rights be erased."

Also Read | Cobra Attack in Kannauj: Minor Boy Collecting Firewood in UP Gets Bitten by Venomous Snake, Survives After Being Administered 76 Anti-Snake Venom Injections.

Lalu Prasad Yadav added, "We have made many sacrifices to save democracy. We will continue to do so in the future. We will not let our voting rights be erased. We will not let it perish."

The yatra, organised by Congress leader Rahul Gandhi, aims to protest against alleged electoral malpractice and the ongoing Special Intensive Revision of the voter list in Bihar. Opposition parties have alleged that the Centre, along with the Election Commission, is working to fill electoral rolls with fake votes to help the ruling party stay in power.

Tejashwi Yadav said the rally is intended to ensure that every Bihari can cast their vote. "Lalu Yadav ji will be unfurling the green flag and see off the people. Our hope is big. These people [BJP] don't just want to erase their rights, but also their very existence," he added.

The Election Commission responded, stating that any issues with the electoral rolls, including past errors, should have been raised during the "Claims and Objections" period. It added that sharing the electoral roll with political parties and candidates was intended to allow such issues to be addressed on time. (ANI)

(The above story is verified and authored by ANI staff, ANI is South Asia's leading multimedia news agency with over 100 bureaus in India, South Asia and across the globe. ANI brings the latest news on Politics and Current Affairs in India & around the World, Sports, Health, Fitness, Entertainment, & News. The views appearing in the above post do not reflect the opinions of LatestLY)


19. Pope Leo XIV celebrates Mass for local homeless people, invites them to lunch at summer villa

CASTEL GANDOLFO, Italy (AP) -- Pope Leo XIV spent the last Sunday of his summer vacation with several dozen homeless and poor people and the church volunteers who help them, celebrating a special Mass for them and inviting them into the Vatican's lakeside estate for a lunch of lasagna and roast veal.

Leo celebrated Mass in the St. Mary sanctuary of Albano, near the papal summer retreat in Castel Gandolfo where he is vacationing. The Mass was attended by around 110 people cared for by the local Caritas church charity, and the volunteers who run the diocese's shelters, clinics and social service offices.

In his homily, Leo celebrated the "fire of charity" that had brought them together.

"And I encourage you not to distinguish between those who assist and those who are assisted, between those who seem to give and those who seem to receive, between those who appear poor and those who feel they have something to offer in terms of time, skills, and help," he said.

In the church, he said, everyone is poor and precious, and all share the same dignity.

Leo, the former Robert Prevost, spent most of his adult life working with the poor people of Peru, first as an Augustinian missionary and then as bishop. Former parishioners and church workers say he greatly reinforced the work of the local Caritas charity, opening soup kitchens and shelters for migrants and rallying funds to build oxygen plants during the COVID-19 pandemic.

Later Sunday, Leo was to preside over a luncheon with the guests at the Borgo Laudato Si', the Vatican's environmental educational center in the gardens of the papal villa in Castel Gandolfo. The center is named for Pope Francis' 2015 landmark environmental encyclical, Laudato Si (Praised Be).

According to the Albano diocese, local caterers were providing a menu of lasagna, eggplant parmesan and roast veal. For dessert, the menu called for fruit salad and sweets named for the pope, "Dolce Leone."

Rosa reported from Albano, Italy, and Winfield from Rome.

Associated Press religion coverage receives support through the AP's collaboration with The Conversation US, with funding from Lilly Endowment Inc. The AP is solely responsible for this content.

News Nevada Top stories Relay for Life celebrates cancer survivors at Idlewild Park Updated 8 hrs ago Crews respond to crash at Airway Drive and McCarran Boulevard Thursday Updated Aug 14, 2025 Two new wildfires burn in northern and eastern Nevada Updated 9 hrs ago Two die in crash at U.S. 395 and Lemmon Drive Updated 9 hrs ago


20. Bregente, LPU-Cavite steal show, but fall short of IIT Finals

MANILA, Philippines -- Rolando Bregente delivered an impressive performance in his ICTSI Intercollegiate Tour debut, holing out with a dramatic eagle on the final hole to cap a stirring three-under 68 and clinch a two-stroke victory over Sean Granada in Round 4 at the Beverly Place Golf Club in Mexico, Pampanga on Sunday.

But despite the breathtaking showcase of talent and nerves of steel, Bregente - and his Lyceum of the Philippines University-Cavite - will not be part of the season-ending finals next month as both the player and team failed to meet the minimum participation requirement of two events to qualify for the championship round.

Granada, the standout from the College of St. Benilde who topped Round 2 at Splendido Taal, rallied with three birdies on the back nine of the par-71 course to card a 70 and secure runner-up honors. Alongside Zach Castro of La Salle-1 - winner of Round 3 at Pradera Verde last week - they now lead the list of qualifiers advancing to the grand finals set for Sept. 23-25 at Splendido Taal.

Under IIT rules, only teams and players who competed in at least two of the four rounds are eligible for the grand finals. The Top 8 teams and ties in each division, including the ladies, will advance, along with all players who have earned points.

Rolando Bregente PGT PHOTO Get the latest news

delivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address, I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

Bregente, playing his first and only leg of the four-round, course-hopping tour, upstaged a stellar field that had split the first three rounds, including UP-1's Joshua Buenaventura (Royal Northwoods), Granada and Castro.

Their expected three-way duel for a second leg victory was quickly derailed as Bregente, from the talent-rich Bukidnon, stormed out of the gates with a birdie on the opening hole. He showcased elite-level ball-striking, combining a booming long game with clinical iron play and rock-solid putting to dominate the field.

Advertisement

Birdies from Nos. 9 to 11 propelled him to a three-shot cushion, but a wobble with three bogeys in the next four holes saw his lead briefly evaporate and La Salle individual player Robin See seize the lead at one-under.

Still, Bregente, who honed his talent playing for Del Monte in Interclub tournaments, responded with the poise of a seasoned pro - firing a birdie on the par-3 16th and capping his round with an eagle on the par-5 18th. From near the greenside bunker, he lofted a precise shot that landed just short of the pin before rolling in on a tricky downhill lie.

"I didn't expect to shoot a 68, much less make an eagle, especially on that downhill," said Bregente in Filipino after his victory.

"Kasi ka-enrol ko lang," he added when asked about his late decision to join the Tour, thanking Lyceum-Cavite captain Michael Bolano for encouraging him to play in the final leg.

Advertisement

Buenaventura and Castro shared third place with See with identical 74s. See faded late, bogeying four of the last six holes.

UP-1 Miggy Roque carded a 75 for sixth while Bolano shot a 76 for joint seventh with Lorenzo Flores of La Salle-1, and Angelo Fusilero, also of La Salle-1, and La Salle-2's Arvin Ong matched 77s.

Bregente and Bolano's combined two-over 144 was enough to lift Lyceum-1 to the team title, edging out UP-1 by five after the Diliman-based school pooled a 149.

La Salle-1 settled for third with 150.

Advertisement

Despite the win, Lyceum's late entry into the tour, co-developed by Pilipinas Golf Tournaments, Inc. and the Philippine Golf Foundation, means their journey ends here.

Meanwhile, Round 4 of the ladies division is set on Aug. 24 at Eastridge Golf Club in Binangonan, Rizal. All eyes will be on La Salle-1's Julia Lua, who is expected to return after missing the previous two legs.

Lua, who ruled the pre-launch leg at Sherwood Hills and Round 1 at Royal Northwoods, currently sits tied for third in the individual standings with 15 points alongside Ateneo-2's Shane Tan, who topped the Pradera Verde leg.

UP-1's Addie Manhit currently leads with 27 points on the strength of two runner-up finishes and a victory at Caliraya Springs. Ateneo-1's Simi Tinio is second with 18 points. The Eastridge leg could shake up the standings once more before the ladies' final cast is determined. TMT


🇺🇸 USA MARKET NEWS
----------------------------------------

1. UK Travel Chaos as London Heathrow Airport Cancels Numerous Flights Disrupting Trips to US, Spain, Canada, Netherlands, and More, Affecting American, British, and KLM Airline

London Heathrow Airport has been thrown into travel chaos today, as numerous flights were cancelled and delayed due to a combination of light rain and operational challenges. Travelers going to must-visit spots including the US, Spain, Canada, and the Netherlands are feeling the squeeze right now. Carriers like American Airlines, British Airways, and KLM are facing the biggest headaches. Bad weather, along with tricky logistics, has kept many tourists and business travelers stuck. Multiple flight cancellations are throwing everyone off, whether they're trying to leave home or heading back.

Travelers at London Heathrow Airport (LHR) have faced significant disruptions today, as 39 flights were delayed and 21 flights were cancelled. The cancellations and delays have affected passengers flying to various destinations across the globe, including the United States, Spain, Canada, the Netherlands, and more. Airlines such as British Airways, KLM, American Airlines, and Air Canada have been particularly impacted.

The primary causes behind these widespread delays and cancellations have been attributed to light rain and operational challenges at the airport. While light rain can affect aircraft visibility and ground operations, the operational challenges are primarily due to the high volume of flights and the complexity of managing a major airport like Heathrow. These challenges can lead to cascading delays, which ultimately result in cancelled flights, further exacerbating the situation for passengers.

Though the rain was not severe, it was enough to impact airport operations, creating delays in boarding, taxiing, and takeoffs. Operational issues like staffing shortages and logistical constraints added to the delays, making it harder for airlines to quickly resolve the situation.

This level of disruption is causing frustration for both tourists and business travelers. Many passengers are stuck at the airport for extended periods, with little to no information on their flight status, contributing to a stressful travel experience.

A wide range of airlines has been affected, with Air Canada, British Airways, KLM, and American Airlines seeing the highest number of cancellations and delays. Below is a detailed breakdown of the affected airlines:

The disruptions at London Heathrow have not only affected business travelers but also international tourists. Tourists and visitors from various countries, including the US, Spain, Canada, and Netherlands, have been unable to reach their destinations, leaving many stranded at the airport. Holidaymakers flying to popular European and North American destinations have faced frustrations, as their long-awaited trips have been delayed or cancelled altogether.

In particular, passengers planning trips to Barcelona, Toronto, and New York have been some of the hardest hit. Travelers who were due to attend events, conferences, or family reunions now face the challenge of rebooking flights or adjusting their plans. Many travelers have shared their frustrations on social media, reporting long waits for assistance and limited communication from airlines.

The challenge for airlines today lies not only in the flight cancellations but also in rebooking passengers. With 21 flights cancelled, affected travelers are left trying to find alternative flights to their destinations. The airlines, already stretched thin, have limited options available on a day where the weather and operational challenges have caused ripple effects across multiple carriers.

Air Canada, which had the most cancellations, also faces an additional logistical challenge in accommodating its passengers. Most of their flights were bound for Canada, and travelers from Europe are now finding themselves delayed in London for an indefinite period. British Airways, which was already facing operational strains, has now been forced to extend the waiting time for its passengers at Heathrow, one of the world's busiest airports.

For many passengers, Heathrow's handling of this situation has added to the stress of an already difficult travel experience. Passengers have reported long queues at customer service desks, with limited staff available to provide updates. Many have been left in the dark, without clear information about rebooking options or compensation for delays. With light rain and operational challenges affecting visibility and aircraft scheduling, ground handling has been slow, contributing to long waiting times.

The challenges at Heathrow come at a time when the airport is already facing increasing passenger volumes. In the coming weeks, as summer travel picks up, these disruptions may become more frequent unless the airport and airlines improve their contingency plans for inclement weather conditions and operational issues.

Travelers planning to fly from London Heathrow in the coming days are urged to:

The disruptions at London Heathrow Airport today have had a significant impact on both tourists and business travelers, with 21 cancellations and 39 delays affecting numerous international flights. Air Canada, British Airways, KLM, and American Airlines have been the most affected, with several other airlines also facing challenges. While the light rain and operational challenges caused these delays, they highlight the complex nature of managing such a large international hub. Travelers are advised to stay informed, be patient, and explore alternative travel options in case of further delays.

For now, it remains to be seen how Heathrow and the airlines involved will improve their response to weather-related and operational disruptions. However, the ongoing challenges underscore the importance of travelers staying vigilant and prepared for the unexpected.


2. Production of iPhone 17 starts at Bengaluru's Foxconn manufacturing plant in Devanahalli: Report

ALSO READ | Bengaluru: Here's how Foxconn's iPhone plant is reshaping Devanahalli's real estate market

While the Bengaluru unit is still in the early stages of operation, sources familiar with the matter said the iPhone 17 is now rolling off the assembly line on a limited scale - supplementing production already underway at Foxconn's Chennai facility. Apple and Foxconn have not publicly confirmed the development, but the move underscores Apple's accelerating pivot toward India as a major production base, news agency PTI reported.

ALSO READ | iPhones made in Bengaluru: Foxconn's Devanahalli unit set to begin shipments by June

Production at the Bengaluru plant had briefly stalled earlier this year when a significant number of Chinese engineers departed unexpectedly. However, Foxconn quickly filled the gap with technical experts from Taiwan and other locations, ensuring minimal disruption, the report stated.

ALSO READ | Apple India leases 8000 sq ft of retail space in Bengaluru for ₹2 crore annual rent as Foxconn facility nears completion

Karnataka Industries Minister MB Patil had earlier said most iPhones sold in the United States in the June quarter will be manufactured in India, as per Apple CEO Tim Cook's statement. Social media was abuzz after the development was announced, with residents and tech analysts sharing their thoughts.

An X account called the Karnataka Development Index shared recent pictures of the Foxconn manufacturing unit in Devanahalli. Take a look:

The plant, which represents a 2.8 billion dollars (approximately ₹25,000 crore) investment, is the result of a high-profile agreement between the Karnataka government and Foxconn. Signed in 2023, the deal promised thousands of local jobs and the transformation of the Devanahalli region into a high-tech manufacturing hub.


3. Sunday storm chances, high humidity continues | Aug 17, 2025

INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) - More rain chances could be possible today. It will remain incredibly humid with the '90s continuing for early next week.

We saw some showers and thunderstorms overnight that produced some gusty winds, lots of lightning and even an inch or more of rainfall across the metro area. Dry conditions start off this morning but more rain is off to the north of us.

TODAY: There's a chance for some showers and thunderstorms on and off throughout the day today. It will continue to be incredibly humid. Look for a partly to mostly cloudy sky throughout the afternoon. Due to the rain chances and the cloud cover temperatures will likely not hit the lower 90s in Indianapolis. It will still feel very uncomfortable with the high humidity values.

TONIGHT: Drying out later tonight Look for partly cloudy skies with low temperatures falling into the lower '70s.

TOMORROW: Mostly sunny skies for your Monday it is going to be incredibly hot and humid. High temperatures will climb into the lower '90s. Heat indices or feels like temperatures will top out into the upper 90s near 100.

7 DAY EXTENDED FORECAST: Another hot and humid day on Tuesday but this time we'll look for a good chance for some showers and thunderstorms. High temperatures will climb into the lower 90s.

Temperatures begin to drop along with humidity values for the middle part of the work week. Scattered showers and storms on Wednesday with highs in the lower 80s. Thursday we will see temperatures today into the lower '80s under partly cloudy skies. We may see temperatures pick up a little bit into the mid '80s for the end of the week and early next weekend.

Quick trip out in the Atlantic where hurricane Erin is a powerful storm. The first major hurricane of the season continues to turn westward. It does look like it will make a right turn and not make landfall on the east coast of the United States.


4. Bolivia heads to the polls as its right-wing opposition eyes first victory in decades

LA PAZ, Bolivia (AP) -- Bolivians headed to the polls on Sunday to vote in presidential and congressional elections that could spell the end of the Andean nation's long-dominant leftist party and see a right-wing government elected for the first time in over two decades.

The election on Sunday is one of the most consequential for Bolivia in recent times -- and one of the most unpredictable.

Even at this late stage, a remarkable 30% or so of voters remain undecided. Polls show the two leading right-wing candidates, multimillionaire business owner Samuel Doria Medina and former President Jorge Fernando "Tuto" Quiroga, locked in a virtual dead heat.

Many undecided voters

But a right-wing victory isn't assured. Many longtime voters for the governing Movement Toward Socialism, or MAS, party, now shattered by infighting, live in rural areas and tend to be undercounted in polling.

With the nation's worst economic crisis in four decades leaving Bolivians waiting for hours in fuel lines, struggling to find subsidized bread and squeezed by double-digit inflation, the opposition candidates are billing the race as a chance to alter the country's destiny.

"I have rarely, if ever, seen a situational tinderbox with as many sparks ready to ignite," Daniel Lansberg-Rodriguez, founding partner of Aurora Macro Strategies, a New York-based advisory firm, writes in a memo. Breaking the MAS party's monopoly on political power, he adds, pushes "the country into uncharted political waters amid rising polarization, severe economic fragility and a widening rural-urban divide."

Bolivia could follow rightward trend

The outcome will determine whether Bolivia -- a nation of about 12 million people with the largest lithium reserves on Earth and crucial deposits of rare earth minerals -- follows a growing trend in Latin America, where right-wing leaders like Argentina's libertarian Javier Milei, Ecuador's strongman Daniel Noboa and El Salvador's conservative populist Nayib Bukele have surged in popularity.

A right-wing government in Bolivia could trigger a major geopolitical realignment for a country now allied with Venezuela's socialist-inspired government and world powers such as China, Russia and Iran.

Conservative candidates vow to restore US relations

Doria Medina and Quiroga have praised the Trump administration and vowed to restore ties with the United States -- ruptured in 2008 when charismatic, long-serving former President Evo Morales expelled the American ambassador.

The right-wing front-runners also have expressed interest in doing business with Israel, which has no diplomatic relations with Bolivia, and called for foreign private companies to invest in the country and develop its rich natural resources.

After storming to office in 2006 at the start of the commodities boom, Morales, Bolivia's first Indigenous president, nationalized the nation's oil and gas industry, using the lush profits to reduce poverty, expand infrastructure and improve the lives of the rural poor.

After three consecutive presidential terms, as well as a contentious bid for an unprecedented fourth in 2019 that set off popular unrest and led to his ouster, Morales has been barred from this race by Bolivia's constitutional court.

His ally-turned-rival, President Luis Arce, withdrew his candidacy for the MAS on account of his plummeting popularity and nominated his senior minister, Eduardo del Castillo.

As the party splintered, Andrónico Rodríguez, the 36-year-old president of the senate who hails from the same union of coca farmers as Morales, launched his bid.

Ex-president Morales urges supports to deface ballots

Rather than back the candidate widely considered his heir, Morales, holed up in his tropical stronghold and evading an arrest warrant on charges related to his relationship with a 15-year-old girl, has urged his supporters to deface their ballots or leave them blank.

Voting is mandatory in Bolivia, where some 7.9 million Bolivians are eligible to vote.

Doria Medina and Quiroga, familiar faces in Bolivian politics who both served in past neoliberal governments and have run for president three times before, have struggled to stir up interest as voter angst runs high.

"There's enthusiasm for change but no enthusiasm for the candidates," said Eddy Abasto, 44, a Tupperware vendor in Bolivia's capital of La Paz torn between voting for Doria Medina and Quiroga. "It's always the same, those in power live happily spending the country's money, and we suffer."

Conservative candidates say austerity needed

Doria Medina and Quiroga have warned of the need for a painful fiscal adjustment, including the elimination of Bolivia's generous food and fuel subsidies, to save the nation from insolvency. Some analysts caution this risks sparking social unrest.

"A victory for either right-wing candidate could have grave repercussions for Bolivia's Indigenous and impoverished communities," said Kathryn Ledebur, director of the Andean Information Network, a Bolivian research group. "Both candidates could bolster security forces and right-wing para-state groups, paving the way for violent crackdowns on protests expected to erupt over the foreign exploitation of lithium and drastic austerity measures."

All 130 seats in Bolivia's Chamber of Deputies, the lower house of Parliament, are up for grabs, along with 36 in the Senate, the upper house.

If, as is widely expected, no one receives more than 50% of the vote, or 40% of the vote with a lead of 10 percentage points, the top two candidates will compete in a runoff on Oct. 19 for the first time since Bolivia's 1982 return to democracy.


5. Why In The World Did The Boeing 777X Fly To Mexico?

In 2024, Mexico's Toluca International Airport (TLC) was seen hosting Boeing 777X test flights. While the Boeing 777X was not the first aircraft to conduct flight testing at Toluca, it does appear to be uncommon for Boeing to test its aircraft there. The Boeing 777X has been flying for five years now, having first flown in 2020. Boeing had planned for it to already be in service, but the aircraft has experienced FAA certification delays.

The delays have been aggravated by a collapse in confidence in Boeing's quality assurance and transparency after it misled the FAA about the Maneuvering Characteristics Augmentation System (MCAS) software on its 737 MAX aircraft. New technologies like the 777X's folding wingtips are also likely delaying its certification, requiring extensive testing. Here is what to know about why the 777X was tested in Mexico and why it needs to be tested outside of the United States.

What To Know About Mexico's High-Altitude Toluca Airport

Toluca International Airport (officially Aeropuerto Internacional Licenciado Adolfo López Mateos) serves the city of Toluca, not far from Mexico City. It also functions as a secondary airport for the Greater Mexico City area and is the fifth-busiest city in Mexico. In 2024, the airport served around 1.7 million passengers and hosts cargo, scheduled passenger, charter, and other operations.

While designated as an international airport, the only scheduled passenger airlines operating there are Viva and Volaris. These airlines operate flights to other domestic Mexican destinations like Cancun, Puerto Vallarta, Monterrey, San Jose del Cabo, and Tijuana. Notably for Boeing, Toluca is also located at an altitude of around 8,465 feet and has a 13,800-foot runway.

This makes it a great destination for testing aircraft in hot weather and at high altitude. These tests assess an aircraft's performance operating in these environments. Here, the warm air is less dense, reducing the lift generated by the wings and the thrust generated by the engines. The tests determine the aircraft's maximum takeoff weight (MTOW) at higher altitudes and the aircraft's pressurization. This is all feeds into what is published in the aircraft's operations manual.

Boeing's 777X Tests In Toluca

A year ago, in August 2024, Boeing conducted "Hot & High" testing with a Boeing 777X (specifically 777-9), WH003/N779XY aircraft in Toluca. While there, Boeing tested the 777X's engine, aerodynamic, and overall handling performance. This was part of the (still ongoing) FAA certification process. After the Boeing 737 MAX crashes in 2018 and 2019, the FAA's confidence in Boeing was shaken. The FAA is still withholding type certificates for the MAX 7, MAX 10, and 777X.

Toluca is not a primary testing site for Boeing, with Boeing Field in Seattle and Colorado Springs being more prominent test sites. However, it can be used for high-altitude testing thanks to its elevation and challenging conditions. Toluca is not a regular testing hub for Boeing, but has been utilized on occasion for specific programs like the 777X.

Toluca International Airport (TLC)

Altitude:

8,465 feet

Location:

Toluca, State of Mexico, Mexico

Passenger airlines:

Viva, Volaris

Passengers:

1.4 million in 2024

This suggests that Boeing's choice of Toluca is not a routine decision, and it's unclear why Boeing chose it in 2024. These high-altitude tests more commonly take place at the more extreme El Alto International Airport in La Paz, Bolivia. It is unclear what circumstances made Boeing select Toluca in 2024. There appear to be no open records of Boeing testing other aircraft, such as the Boeing 737 Next Generation, 737 MAX, 757, or 787 Dreamliner, at Toluca.

Airbus Testing The A330-900neo In Toluca

Boeing is not alone in testing aircraft in Toluca. In March 2024, Airbus conducted similar "Hot & High" flight testing with its A330-900neo aircraft registered F-WTTN. This was part of a broader test program for the A330neo that included tests in La Paz. The tests allowed the A330neo to be certified to operate at airports up to 12,500 feet in elevation.

Like the 777X, the A330neo is a modernization of an older 1990s-era widebody aircraft. Both of these aircraft have received new wings for better aerodynamic performance and new engines. The A330neo's new lengthened wing replaced the suboptimal wing it shared with the related A340 quad-engine. Being designed for both a twin and quad-engined aircraft, the old wing was suboptimal for both. Meanwhile, the 777X's wing is notable for having folding wingtips, allowing it to have better aerodynamic performance and remain within airport Code E regulations.

The 777X is exclusively powered by the massive GE Aerospace GE9X turbofan. This is the largest commercial engine ever made. The A330neo is exclusively powered by the Rolls-Royce Trent 7000. The 777X has so far attracted around 551 firm orders, all of which are from international customers, with more than half being from Emirates and Qatar Airways. The A330neo has attracted fewer orders, although its orders have gained traction in 2025 as Vietjet, Malaysia Airlines, and aircraft lessor Avolon placed significant orders.

Aircraft Testing At El Alto International Airport

La Paz is famously the highest capital city in the world, and at 13,325 feet, El Alto International Airport is the world's highest international airport. This makes it a great destination for aircraft manufacturers like Boeing and Airbus to conduct high-altitude flight testing. High-altitude conditions at large commercial airports don't get much more extreme than those at La Paz.

Boeing has tested the Boeing 737 MAX 8, Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner, and several other aircraft. Although it's unclear if Boeing has tested all its aircraft, like the 757 and earlier 777s, there. Airbus has tested the A330-900, the A350-1000, and other aircraft there. It's unclear if all Airbus aircraft, like the A320 or A380, were tested at El Alto. Bombardier also tested some of its aircraft there, although it's unclear if Embraer has used the airport for testing.

El Alto International Airport (LPB)

Altitude:

13,325 feet

Location:

La Paz, Bolivia

Passengers:

2.6 million (2023)

Key airlines:

Boliviana de Aviación, LATAM, Avianca

El Alto's thin air limits the payload capacity of some widebody aircraft like the Boeing 747 and A330. The airport has seen issues in the past, e.g., the Eastern Air Lines Boeing 727 crash of 1985. In 2019, FlightGlobal reported that Bolivian authorities even temporarily suspended operations of Boeing 737 Classics at the airport due to landing gear failures. In 2018, the BBC reported a Peruvian 737-300 skidded off the runway, although it's unclear if these incidents were related to the airport's altitude.

Testing In The United States

Boeing conducts many of its tests at Boeing Field, otherwise known as King County International Airport (BFI) in Seattle. It was the primary airport serving Seattle until Seattle-Tacoma opened in 1944. However, the airport is only set at 21 feet above sea level. By contrast, a large number of tests are conducted at Colorado Springs Airport (COS), which sits at 6,187 feet above sea level.

Boeing has tested the Boeing 777X, 787 Dreamliner, and other aircraft at Colorado Springs. But while it has a high elevation by US airport standards and is considered challenging conditions for aircraft, it is far lower than El Alto and even Mexico's Toluca. It's unclear if Airbus has tested aircraft at Colorado Springs. One of the 777X prototypes, registered as N779XX, conducted high-elevation testing at Colorado Springs Airport in February 2024.

At the time, the 777X operated under the callsign "Boeing 002 Heavy," and it performed eight takeoffs and landings using Colorado Springs' Runway 17L. After that, Boeing moved on to testing the 777X at Mexico's higher Toluca airport. It's unclear if the 777X then moved onto El Alto or not. While Boeing can conduct most flight testing in the US, it lacks the high-altitude airports of other countries where these aircraft are expected to operate.

Clearing The Way For The 777X Introduction

FAA certification for the Boeing 777X is still expected to be granted later in 2025, and the aircraft is expected to enter service in 2026. That said, it is not guaranteed that the FAA will award the type certificate for the 777X (or MAX 7 and MAX 10) in the coming months. After the tests in early and mid-2024, Boeing resumed test flights on its 777X in 2025.

The Boeing 777X has failed to attract a single order in either North or South America. The 777X is seen as too big for giant airlines like United Airlines, which operate around half a dozen dispersed hubs. However, it is well-suited for long-haul carriers like Qatar Airways and Emirates that operate a massive, singular hub.

In 2025, Boeing is only delivering Boeing 737s (specifically MAX 8s and MAX 9s) and Boeing 787s as passenger aircraft. This is because the Boeing 767 is only produced as a freighter and military aircraft, and the final passenger orders for the previous-generation 777-300ER have been delivered, except for a few questionable Pakistan International Airlines orders still on the books. In 2025, Boeing is only delivering freighter 777s as it readies the 777X for service in 2026.

Boeing 777X ICAO Code B78X, B79X IATA Code 78X, 79X Crew 2

Manufacturer Boeing Powered by Expand Collapse


6. AP News in Brief at 6:04 a.m. EDT

Trump reverses on the need for a ceasefire before a potential peace deal ending the war in Ukraine

KYIV, Ukraine (AP) -- U.S. President Donald Trump reversed course in the wake of his meeting with Russian leader Vladimir Putin to say an overall peace agreement -- not the ceasefire that he has long championed -- is the next step in ending the 3 1/2-year war in Ukraine.

In talks with European allies after Friday's summit in Alaska, Trump said Putin reiterated that he wants the key Donetsk and Luhansk regions that make up the Donbas. But Putin appeared open to the possibility of halting the stalemate in two other regions, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson, with a freeze along the front lines.

That is according to European officials familiar with the calls who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss the talks at a U.S. military base between the American and Russian presidents. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has previously rejected giving up the territory in the Donbas.

The aftermath of the summit offered little clarity about the next steps, other than Trump's commitment for more meetings, including with Zelenskyy at the White House on Monday. It was unclear among those briefed on the exchanges whether Trump saw Putin's desire for the Donbas as acceptable, with Trump's blunt but elliptical way of speaking only adding to a sense of confusion.

The White House had yet to provide a public summary of the calls as Trump golfed on Saturday with his special envoy Steve Witkoff and Fox News anchor Bret Baier at his Virginia golf club. The most transparent takeaway was Trump's abrupt reversal on a ceasefire, raising questions of how peace talks can proceed if attacks continue.

Summit puts Putin back on the global stage and Trump echoes a Kremlin position

In Alaska, President Vladimir Putin walked on a red carpet, shook hands and exchanged smiles with his American counterpart. Donald Trump ended the summit praising their relationship and calling Russia "a big power ... No. 2 in the world," albeit admitting they didn't reach a deal on ending the war in Ukraine.

By Saturday morning Moscow time, Trump appeared to have abandoned the idea of a ceasefire as a step toward peace -- something he and Ukraine had pushed for months -- in favor of pursuing a full-fledged "Peace Agreement" to end the war, echoing a long-held Kremlin position. The "severe consequences" he threatened against Moscow for continuing hostilities were nowhere in sight. On Ukraine's battlefields, Russian troops slowly grinded on, with time on their side.

The hastily arranged Alaska summit "produced nothing for Mr. Trump and gave Mr. Putin most of what he was looking for," said Laurie Bristow, a former British ambassador to Russia.

Putin's visit to Alaska was his first to the United States in 10 years and his first to a Western country since invading Ukraine in 2022 and plunging U.S.-Russia relations to the lowest point since the Cold War. Crippling sanctions followed, along with efforts to shun Russia on the global stage.

The International Criminal Court in 2023 issued an arrest warrant for Putin on accusations of war crimes, casting a shadow on his foreign trips and contacts with other world leaders.

Category 4 Hurricane Erin buffets northern Caribbean islands but not forecast to hit land

SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) -- Hurricane Erin exploded in strength and became a major storm in Atlantic waters just north of the Caribbean on Saturday, rapidly powering up from a tropical storm in a single day and bringing heavy rains and high winds to islands in the region.

The first Atlantic hurricane of 2025, Erin reached Category 5 status before weakening somewhat and becoming a Category 4 storm, with maximum sustained winds of 140 mph (220 kph), according to the National Hurricane Center in Miami.

Late Saturday night, the center reported that Erin was "undergoing structural changes" but was still "formidable" as its rain and winds buffeted Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.

The storm's center was about 145 miles (230 kilometers) north-northeast of San Juan, Puerto Rico, and it was heading toward the west-northwest at 14 mph (22 kph). It was not forecast to make a direct hit on land.

Hurricane center director Mike Brennen said Erin grew into a "very powerful hurricane," with its winds gaining 60 mph (96 kph) in about nine hours.

Three Republican-led states to send hundreds of National Guard troops to Washington

WASHINGTON (AP) -- Three Republican-led states said Saturday that they were deploying hundreds of National Guard members to the nation's capital to bolster the Trump administration's effort to overhaul policing in Washington through a federal crackdown on crime and homelessness.

West Virginia said it was deploying 300 to 400 Guard troops, while South Carolina pledged 200 and Ohio says it will send 150 in the coming days, marking a significant escalation of the federal intervention.

The moves came as protesters pushed back on federal law enforcement and National Guard troops fanning out in the heavily Democratic city following President Donald Trump's executive order federalizing local police forces and activating about 800 District of Columbia National Guard members.

By adding outside troops to the existing D.C. Guard deployment and federal law enforcement presence, Trump is exercising even tighter control over the city. It's a power play that the president has justified as an emergency response to crime and homelessness, even though city officials have noted that violent crime is lower than it was during Trump's first term in office.

National Guard members have played a limited role in the federal intervention so far, and it's unclear why additional troops are needed. They have been patrolling at landmarks like the National Mall and Union Station and assisting law enforcement with tasks including crowd control.

Israel prepares to move Palestinians to southern Gaza as Israelis urge mass protest over war

NAHARIYA, Israel (AP) -- Israel announced Saturday that it is preparing to move Palestinians from combat zones to southern Gaza as plans move ahead for a military offensive in some of the territory's most populated areas.

The Israeli military body in charge of humanitarian aid to Gaza, COGAT, said the supply of tents to the territory would resume on Sunday. The military said it had no comment on when the mass movement of Palestinians would begin, but Defense Minister Israel Katz said on social media that "we are now in the stage of discussions to finalize the plan to defeat Hamas in Gaza."

Meanwhile, anxious families of Israeli hostages called for a "nationwide day of stoppage" in Israel on Sunday to express growing frustration over 22 months of war.

Families of hostages fear the coming offensive further endangers the 50 hostages remaining in Gaza, just 20 of them thought to still be alive. They and other Israelis were horrified by the recent release of videos showing emaciated hostages speaking under duress and pleading for help and food.

The families and supporters have pressed the government for a deal to stop the war -- a call that some former Israeli army and intelligence chiefs have made as well in recent weeks.

Pakistan's monsoon flooding death toll rises to 220 as forecasters warn of more rain to come

BUNER, Pakistan (AP) -- Flooding in a northwest Pakistani district has killed at least 220 people, officials said Saturday, as rescuers pulled 63 more bodies overnight from homes flattened by flash floods and landslides, with forecasts of more rain in the coming days.

One eyewitness, who escaped the deluges in Buner, described seeing floodwaters carrying hundreds of boulders and "tons of rocks" crashing down.

Hundreds of rescue workers are still searching for survivors in Buner, one of several places in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province where torrential rains and cloudbursts caused massive flooding on Friday, said Mohammad Suhail, a spokesman for the emergency services. Dozens of homes were swept away.

First responders have been trying to recover bodies from the worst-hit villages of Pir Baba and Malik Pura, where most of the fatalities were, said Kashif Qayyum, a deputy commissioner in Buner.

Local police officer Imtiaz Khan, who narrowly escaped the deluges, said floodwaters carrying hundreds of boulders struck and flattened homes within minutes.

Things to know about the indictment against the New Orleans mayor

NEW ORLEANS (AP) -- Months before New Orleans Mayor LaToya Cantrell was set to leave office because of term limits, she has been indicted in what prosecutors allege was a yearslong scheme to conceal a romantic relationship with her bodyguard.

Prosecutors say bodyguard Jeffrey Vappie was being paid as if he was working when he and Cantrell were really alone in apartments and visiting vineyards, hiding their communication by sending encrypted messages through WhatsApp and then deleting them. Although the pair have said their relationship was strictly professional, the indictment described it as "personal and intimate."

The first female mayor in New Orleans' 300-year history has been charged with conspiracy, fraud and obstruction. Vappie was already facing charges of wire fraud and making false statements. He has pleaded not guilty. A grand jury returned an 18-count indictment Friday that added Cantrell to the case.

The City of New Orleans said in a statement that it was aware of the indictment and that the mayor's attorney was reviewing it.

Cantrell hasn't sent out a message on her official social media feed on X since July 15, when she said the city was experiencing historic declines in crime. She and her remaining allies have said that she has been unfairly targeted as a Black woman and held to a different standard than male officials.

Thomas Edison and Henry Ford among the original snowbirds: The rich going to Florida for the winters

FORT MYERS, Fla. (AP) -- Thomas Edison and Henry Ford are famous for their innovations in electricity generation and automobiles respectively, but they were also at the forefront of a massively popular trend in Florida: Rich people from up north spending the cold winter months in the Sunshine State.

Edison first visited Fort Myers in 1885 after a doctor suggested spending time in Florida's warmer climate for health reasons, and he built a house along the Caloosahatchee River the next year. Ford made many visits to southwest Florida to see Edison and purchased the property next door in 1916.

Southwest Florida became their vacation spot, Edison and Ford Winter Estates marketing director Lisa Wilson said. Edison spent most of the year in New Jersey, while Ford lived in Michigan.

"They came down here to escape the cold like many snowbirds do today. But they worked when they were here, so it wasn't just vacation time," Wilson said.

Fort Myers was basically a group of farmers living in an abandoned military fort, using tallow lamps for light, when Edison first visited, Edison and Ford Winter Estates historian Isaac Hunter said.

100 days of Pope Leo XIV: A calm papacy that avoids polemics is coming into focus

VATICAN CITY (AP) -- When Pope Leo XIV surprised tens of thousands of young people at a recent Holy Year celebration with an impromptu popemobile romp around St. Peter's Square, it almost seemed as if some of the informal spontaneity that characterized Pope Francis' 12-year papacy had returned to the Vatican.

But the message Leo delivered that night was all his own: In seamless English, Spanish and Italian, Leo told the young people that they were the "salt of the Earth, the light of the world." He urged them to spread their hope, faith in Christ and their cries of peace wherever they go.

As Robert Prevost marks his 100th day as Pope Leo this weekend, the contours of his pontificate have begun to come into relief, primarily where he shows continuity with Francis and where he signals change. Perhaps the biggest takeaway is that after 12 sometimes turbulent years under Francis, a certain calm and reserve have returned to the papacy.

Leo seems eager above all to avoid polemics or making the papacy about himself, and wants instead to focus on Christ and peace.

That seems exactly what many Catholic faithful want, and may respond to what today's church needs.

Government forces Air Canada and flight attendants back to work and into arbitration

TORONTO (AP) -- Canada's government forced Air Canada and its striking flight attendants back to work and into arbitration Saturday after a work stoppage stranded more than 100,000 travelers around the world during the peak summer travel season.

Federal Jobs Minister Patty Hajdu said now is not the time to take risks with the economy, noting the unprecedented tariffs the U.S. has imposed on Canada. The intervention means the 10,000 flight attendants will return to work soon.

The government's action came less than 12 hours after workers walked off the job.

"The talks broke down. It is clear that the parties are not any closer to resolving some of the key issues that remain and they will need help with the arbitrator," Hajdu said.

Hajdu said the full resumption of services could take days, noting it is up to the Canada Industrial Relations Board. Meanwhile, Wesley Lesosky, president of the Air Canada Component of the CUPE union, accused the government of violating the flight attendants' constitutional right to strike -- and decried Hajdu for only waiting hours to intervene.


7. Pakistan's Ashab Irfan qualifies for Jones Creek Open final

KARACHI: Pakistani squash player Ashab Irfan on Sunday qualified for the final of the ongoing Jones Creek Open Squash in the United States, while compatriot Asim Khan was ousted in the semi-finals.

In the semi-final clash of the $12,000 prize-money event, Ashab defeated Brazil's Diogo Gobbi 3-1 in a 53-minute encounter, winning the games 11-7, 14-12, 4-11, and 11-5.

Meanwhile, top-seed Asim suffered a surprise defeat against Malaysia's Nathan Chua, losing 3-1 with scores of 11-9, 4-11, 11-7, and 11-9.

Earlier on Saturday, both Pakistani players had delivered impressive performances to reach the semi-finals.

Asim overcame Egypt's Omar El Kattan 3-1 in a 46-minute quarterfinal, with game scores of 10-12, 11-3, 11-3, 13-11.

Ashab dominated Mexico's Cesar Segundo 3-0 in his quarterfinal, winning 11-3, 11-8, 11-3.

Both players had also secured their quarterfinal berths with strong second-round performances on Thursday.

Top-seed Asim defeated Egypt's Kareem Badawi 3-1 in 45 minutes (11-3, 11-6, 5-11, 11-8), while second-seed Ashab Irfan dismantled American Christopher Gordon in just 20 minutes (11-2, 11-4, 11-4), showcasing aggressive shot-making and high-paced play.

Meanwhile, Pakistan's Ahsan Ayaz and Muhammad Huzaifa Ibrahim were eliminated earlier. Seventh-seed Ahsan lost a five-game thriller against Omar El Kattan, falling 11-4, 10-12, 9-11, 11-8, 8-11 in 58 minutes.

Huzaifa bowed out in the round of 16, defeated by Brazil's third-seed Diego Gobbi 9-11, 11-3, 11-4, 11-6 in 47 minutes, despite winning the opening game.


8. Russia, Ukraine launch drones before Zelensky-Trump summit | THE DAILY TRIBUNE | KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN

AFP |Kyiv, Ukraine

Email : editor@newsofbahrain.com

Kyiv and Moscow launched attack drones at each other Sunday, a day before Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky is due in the United States for talks with President Donald Trump on ending three years of war with Russia.

Fighting has continued to rage during a flurry of diplomatic moves to end Moscow's invasion.

Kyiv's air force said Russia attacked Ukraine with 60 Iranian-made Shahed and other drones as well as an Iskander missile.

The governor of the embattled eastern Donetsk region, Vadym Filashkin, said Russian attacks killed five people in the area on Saturday.

In Russia, the defence ministry said Kyiv launched 46 drones at the country, mostly over border regions but also over the Nizhny Novgorod region east of Moscow, hundreds of kilometres from Ukraine.

The acting governor of the border Kursk region, Alexander Khinstein, said a Ukrainian drone attack killed a man in his car.

The governor of the southern Voronezh region, Alexander Gusev, said a railway worker was wounded by a drone in the region.

Ukraine has launched drones into Russia throughout Moscow's full-scale offensive, which has killed thousands of people and displaced millions.

Zelensky is due in Washington on Monday, three days after Trump hosted Russian leader Vladimir Putin in Alaska for talks.

Following the Putin meeting, Trump dropped his push for a ceasefire in Ukraine in favour of pursuing a peace deal -- a position that Moscow has been pushing for.

Putin launched the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 and Moscow's forces now occupy large swathes of the south and east of the country.


9. A terror tag and a diplomatic turn

US terror listing of BLA & Majeed Brigade marks a major win for Pakistan with regional ripples

Just days before President Donald Trump's inauguration for the second term, a senior Pakistani diplomat briefed a group of people including experts and journalists in Islamabad. His focus was on the Pakistan-US relationship under Trump's administration. The bottom line was: Pakistan should be prepared for a tough challenge.

According to the diplomat, Trump's team was surrounded by people who had little sympathy for Pakistan. Experts and those who understand Trump as well as the nature of Pakistan-US ties echoed similar sentiments. There was consensus that despite the unpredictable nature of Trump, there was little or no room for better prospects of Pakistan-US ties. On the contrary, everyone agreed that the relationship between the US and India would only deepen under President Trump's second term.

But when President Trump delivered a maiden address to the US Congress, he praised Pakistan. This was some achievement given that until then he spared no one. He launched a diatribe both against friends and foes. Pakistan was the only exception, which Trump mentioned in a positive way.

His praise stemmed from Pakistan's assistance in arresting one of the key masterminds of the Abbey Gate bombing in Kabul in August 2021. Muhammad Sharifullah, one of the ISIS-Khorasan operatives and according to the US was one of the facilitators of Kabul Airport attack, was apprehended on the intelligence provided by the CIA and swiftly handed over to the US.

That cooperation not only earned Pakistan praise from Trump but also opened a channel of communication that would eventually lead to Field Marshal Syed Asim Munir being invited to launch at the White House in an unprecedented turn of events.

When Trump applauded Pakistan at the US Congress, people were still sceptical that this bonhomie would be short-lived as Trump cannot be trusted. Questions were raised about what Pakistan had offered or was going to offer to the US in return for this cozying up approach of the US? Many people also wonder whether Pakistan would get anything in return. But what happened over the past few weeks following high-level exchanges and frequent interactions between the two countries was that Trump's praise was not mere rhetoric but now reflecting a shift in the US policy.

The substantive outcome of Pakistan helping Trump to advance his domestic agenda by arresting Abbey Gate bombing facilitator was the US State Department's move to declare Balochistan Liberation Army and its suicide squad Majeed Brigade as terrorist outfit. The designation of BLA and the Majeed Brigade, as Foreign Terrorist Organisations (FTO), was a major victory for Pakistan.

Islamabad had long sought its listing but with little success. The US declared Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) as a terrorist outfit but successive US administrations refrained from taking a similar stance against groups active in Balochistan. One of the reasons included that such groups including BLA and Majeed Brigade were targeting not just the Pakistani interests but also primarily the Chinese interests in the resource-rich Balochistan province.

This in many ways probably served the agendas of those who don't want China's Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) to succeed. That was the reason the US decision was extraordinary.

The United States not only listed BLA and Majeed Brigade but also seems to be ready to extend cooperation to Pakistan to fight them. The two countries held counterterrorism dialogue, a regular feature, in Islamabad recently. The noticeable change was that for the first time BLA made it to the joint statement.

Both delegations underscored the "critical importance" of developing effective approaches to terrorist threats, singling out the BLA alongside transnational outfits. Washington lauded Islamabad's "continued successes" in containing entities that threaten regional and global peace. Therefore, listing of BLA and Majeed Brigade is a development that carries legal, political, diplomatic, and operational implications for Pakistan, the US, and even India.

First, any BLA or Majeed Brigade funds or property in the US jurisdiction are now frozen. Members and affiliates are barred from entering the US. Providing material support to the group is now a serious US federal crime, even for individuals outside the US if they have US connections. The designation makes it harder for BLA to raise funds internationally through charities, front companies, or sympathetic diaspora groups.

The FTO tag makes it riskier for members to travel abroad or seek asylum in countries aligned with US counterterrorism policies. The US can now more actively share intelligence with Pakistan and allies to track, disrupt, or eliminate the group's cells. Diaspora-based sympathisers in the West could face monitoring and prosecution. If BLA finds safe havens in neighbouring states including Afghanistan, the US listing pressures those governments to take action or face reputational costs.

While the designation won't end the insurgency, it can weaken its external support structure, especially for high-profile suicide attacks like those by the Majeed Brigade.

Second, Pakistan has long stated that BLA is a foreign-backed terrorist group responsible for attacks in Balochistan. The US designation is an international endorsement of that position.

Third, India has openly supported Baloch separatists. The US move signals that Washington is not aligning with New Delhi on this issue.

Fourth, this listing highlights a warming security relationship between Pakistan and the US.

Fifth, quietly, this could create discomfort in New Delhi if US counterterrorism measures start exposing any Indian contacts with Baloch separatists. It is not said publicly but the US move could also be linked to its keen interest in the untapped mines and minerals resources available in abundance in Balochistan. But security is a major challenge.

Some view the US interest in mines and minerals with suspicion. The view, nevertheless, in official Pakistani circles is that the US investment in Balochistan could stabilise the situation and it may lay the bases for long-term cooperation between the two countries. The listing of BLA and Majeed Brigade is being seen in that context.


10. Drone Attacks Between Kyiv and Moscow Ahead of Zelensky's Meeting with Trump

Fighting continues as diplomatic efforts attempt to bring an end to Moscow's invasion.

Kyiv and Moscow exchanged drone attacks a day before Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky is set to arrive in the United States for talks with President Donald Trump aimed at ending the three-year war with Russia, AFP reported.

Fighting continues as diplomatic efforts attempt to bring an end to Moscow's invasion.

The Ukrainian Air Force reported that Russia attacked the country with 60 Iranian "Shahed" drones and other unmanned aerial vehicles, as well as an "Iskander" missile.

The governor of the besieged eastern Donetsk region, Vadym Filashkin, stated that the Russian attacks killed five people in the area.

In Russia, the Ministry of Defense reported that Kyiv launched 46 drones, mainly over border regions but also over Nizhny Novgorod, hundreds of kilometers east of Ukraine.

Acting governor of the border Kursk region, Alexander Khinshtein, said that a Ukrainian drone attack killed a man in his car.

Governor of the southern Voronezh region, Alexander Gusev, added that a railway worker was injured by a drone in the region.

Ukraine has been using drones against Russia throughout Moscow's large-scale offensive, which has caused thousands of deaths and forced millions of people to flee their homes.

Zelensky is expected in Washington three days after Trump hosted Russian leader Vladimir Putin in Alaska for talks.

After the meeting with Putin, Trump abandoned calls for a ceasefire in Ukraine and redirected his efforts toward a peace agreement -- a position that Moscow has long advocated.

Putin launched the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, and Russian forces today control large parts of the south and east of the country. | BGNES


💰 FINANCIAL SECTOR UPDATES
----------------------------------------

1. [Finlight] Israelis Join Nationwide Rallies to Call for Release of Hostages

Thousands of Israelis on Sunday joined rallies and a nationwide strike calling for the government to reach an immediate truce with Hamas to free hostages held in Gaza.

The day of protest came as Israeli forces geared up to expand their offensive throughout the Palestinian enclave, despite widespread international condemnation.

Families of the captives, along with their supporters, blocked several major roadways, waving Israeli flags and bearing signs featuring the hostages’ photographs. At least 32 people had been detained for disrupting public order by early afternoon, according to the Israeli police.

It was unclear how many people would join the planned day of action, which was expected to culminate with a large evening protest. The country’s largest labor association, the Histadrut, has declined to throw its weight behind the strike. And while some universities said they would participate, the work stoppage falls during the academic summer break, blunting its impact.


2. [Finlight] Syria’s al-Sharaa calls for unity, accuses Israel of fuelling unrest in south

Syrian President Ahmed al-Sharaa speaks during a joint press conference with French President after a meeting at the Elysee Palace in Paris, on May 7, 2025.

Syrian President Ahmed al-Sharaa has said the battle to unify his country after years of civil war "should not be with blood", rejecting any partition and accusing Israel of meddling in the south.

His remarks, released by state TV on Sunday, came as hundreds demonstrated in south Syria's Sweida province, denouncing sectarian violence last month and calling for the right to self-determination for the Druze-majority province.

"We still have another battle ahead of us to unify Syria, and it should not be with blood and military force... it should be through some kind of understanding because Syria is tired of war," Sharaa said during a dialogue session involving notables from the northwest province of Idlib and other senior officials.

"I do not see Syria as at risk of division. Some people desire a process of dividing Syria and trying to establish cantons... this matter is impossible," he said according to a recording of the meeting, distributed overnight by state media.

"Some parties seek to gain power through regional power, Israel or others. This is also extremely difficult and cannot be implemented," he said.

At the protest in Sweida, some demonstrators waved the Israeli flag and called for self-determination for the region.

FRANCE 24 report in Sweida: Tens of thousands displaced since clashes began  © France 24 02:58

A week of bloodshed in Sweida began on July 13 with clashes between Druze fighters and Sunni Bedouin, but rapidly escalated, drawing in government forces, with Israel also carrying out strikes.

Syrian authorities have said their forces intervened to stop the clashes, but witnesses, Druze factions and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights have accused them of siding with the Bedouin and committing abuses against the Druze, including summary executions.

Sharaa said that Sweida "witnessed many violations from all sides... some members of the security forces and army in Syria also carried out some violations".

The state is required "to hold all perpetrators of violations to account", whatever their affiliation, he added.

Read moreExclusive: On the ground in Sweida, a Syrian city torn by Druze-Bedouin clashes

"Israel is intervening directly in Sweida, seeking to implement policies aimed at weakening the state in general or finding excuses to interfere in ongoing policies in the southern region," Sharaa said.

Israel, which has its own Druze community, has said it has acted to defend the minority group as well as enforce its demands for the demilitarisation of southern Syria.

Syria's new authorities are also in talks with a semi-autonomous Kurdish administration that runs swathes of the country's north and northeast and has called for decentralisation, which Damascus has rejected.

Implementation of a March 10 deal on integrating the Kurds' semi-autonomous civil and military institutions into the state has been held up by differences between the parties.

"We are now discussing the mechanisms for implementation" of the deal, Sharaa said.

(FRANCE 24 with AFP)


3. [Finlight] Want more productivity, Rachel Reeves? It’s time to embrace Mancunian swagger | Richard Partington

Over the summer Rachel Reeves has been on a road trip around Britain. From Cornwall and Kent, to Aberdeen, south Wales and Belfast, in search of the solutions for a national economy that is stuck in a rut.

Inspired by this tour, the chancellor used a Guardian article last week to set her autumn budget priority: boosting productivity. Tax and spending may dominate news headlines, but this is the real problem facing the country, and no politician of the past two decades has managed to fix it.

Productivity is a dull word of vital importance. Growing the measure of output for each hour of work is an economic secret sauce, enabling growth in wages and living standards over the long-run without stoking inflation.

On the hunt for solutions, Reeves could have extended her trip. Leaving Westminster on a (most probably delayed) Avanti train from Euston, or an overcrowded TransPennine Express from her Leeds constituency; for the wetter side of northern England, where Manchester is having a moment in the sun.

Unlike the rest of Britain, there are signs of life in Greater Manchester’s productivity. Between 2004 and 2023, the city region recorded the highest rise in gross value added for each hour worked of any combined authority in the country.

London – once the driver of UK growth – has effectively stalled. The capital is still streets ahead in terms of productivity and the UK is still one of the most regionally unequal countries in Europe, with no regions outside London and the south-east of England above the national average. But Manchester is beginning to close the gap – with growth of 31% since 2004.

To anyone familiar with the north-west, this will probably come as no surprise. Manchester has changed beyond all recognition in recent years, never mind the past two decades. The Haçienda has been a posh block of flats for longer than it was at the epicentre of the “Madchester” music scene. The class of ‘92 swapped Old Trafford for building luxury hotels long ago, petrodollar cash has flooded the east of the city, and Oasis have just added, by some counts, £1bn to the British economy at large.

“Manchester has got this buzz about it,” says Jim O’Neill, the former Goldman Sachs chief economist, and a proud Mancunian, who now chairs the Northern Powerhouse Partnership.

“It’s always been there for years in the [city] centre. But most importantly it’s now spreading. Some would say it’s that Manchester swagger. It all relates to an attitude that ‘we can do this; we want to see it happen’. I don’t know another part of the country where it has that vibe.”

For years Britain’s productivity growth has been a dismal disappointment. Before the 2008 financial crisis growth averaged 2% a year, but has trickled to well below 1% since. Figures last week showed growth contracted in the year to June.

With the autumn budget not far off, this is fuelling a sense of alarm in the Treasury. Whitehall is abuzz with speculation that the Office for Budget Responsibility is poised to hand Reeves downgraded productivity forecasts – with the potential to blow a £20bn hole in her tax and spending plans.

To turn things around, Reeves could take the ingredients behind Manchester’s renaissance and apply them elsewhere. She could also double down on the “Northern Powerhouse” strategy for good measure.

Sources close to Labour say that is exactly the plan: Keir Starmer and Reeves are expected to launch an intensified regional growth strategy next month, with the revival of the Northern Powerhouse Rail project as its centrepiece.

Those who know Manchester best say there are a few golden threads to the renaissance of Cottonopolis: devolution; political stability and coordination between its policymakers, businesses and institutions; the involvement of its top universities; and sustained investment.

Andy Burnham, the mayor of Greater Manchester, says London hasn’t entirely cottoned on. The city symbolised by the worker bee has done well, but could have done even more with extra money and power from the Treasury.

“The learning for Whitehall is, if you want productivity growth, and growth more broadly, you have to let go and trust places. And you have to invest. Because you can’t get it without investment.

“[But] there is a bias against cities outside London and the south, and as long as this remains, the country will not achieve its full potential.”

skip past newsletter promotion Sign up to Business Today Free daily newsletter Get set for the working day – we'll point you to all the business news and analysis you need every morning Enter your email address Sign up Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy . We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. after newsletter promotion

“I compare Manchester [today] with the city I came back to after uni, and the one I had to leave to get on in life. It’s been a major shift. The momentum is there now, and it’s what you do with that next.”

In truth the Manchester revival has deep roots. The timeline before Burnham’s arrival as mayor in 2017 is well known: the 1996 IRA bomb as catalyst for city centre regeneration; the 2002 Commonwealth Games, the opening of Salford Media City, the Lowry, Bridgewater Hall and the expansion of the Metrolink.

Led by the city council’s former chief executive, Howard Bernstein, and leader, Richard Leese, their “Manchester family” approach to coordinating investment proves Reeves’s theory that public money can “crowd in” the private sector : Manchester has ranked top outside London for foreign direct investment projects for three of the past five years.

However, the transformation isn’t all plain sailing. House prices and rents are rocketing, crowding out families from Manchester’s poorer suburbs. For those who, like me, grew up around these parts, the skyscraper-sprouting skyline is a source of both pride, but also nagging worry. Could the pace of change sweep away something special, in a city used to doing things differently? And are the proceeds of growth lining Mancunian pockets, or flowing out of the Irwell to an offshore bank account?

Burnham is alive to the danger. “I use the phrase that, the kids can see the skyscrapers from their bedroom window but they currently don’t see a path to the modern Greater Manchester economy. The next phase is about making that path.”

Still, the addition of glass-fronted flats and office blocks among the converted Victorian mills has helped Manchester to create more jobs at a faster pace than the UK average. They reflect Labour’s hopes for Britain more broadly: that a fairer distribution of growth, in theory, will become easier if there is some growth in the first place.

Reeves could do with a few more Mancunian economic miracles. The national economy will not come unstuck without Britain’s biggest regional cities reaching their full productive potential.

In her first conference speech as chancellor last year, along the M62 in Liverpool, Reeves promised a Labour government would mean “shovels in the ground. Cranes in the sky. The sounds and the sights of the future arriving.”

To the next critic who asks when exactly that will come about, a Manchester reference may help.


4. [Finlight] Rayner says Farage ‘failing young women’ with plan to scrap Online Safety Act

Nigel Farage is “failing a generation of young women” with his plans to scrap the Online Safety Act, Angela Rayner has said, arguing the move would cause an increase in the prevalence of “revenge porn”.

The comments by the deputy prime minister are the latest criticism of Farage from the government, with Labour launching a parallel series of attack adverts on the Reform UK leader, including one showing him alongside the misogynist influencer Andrew Tate.

In a press conference at the end of last month, Reform promised to scrap the act, which had just come into force, saying measures intended to push social media companies to limit false and potentially harmful content would instead bring censorship and make the UK “a borderline dystopian state”.

In response, the science and technology secretary, Peter Kyle, accused Farage of being on the side of child abusers such as Jimmy Savile, bringing a furious response from the Reform leader.

In comments to the Sunday Telegraph, Rayner highlighted what she said would be the risks of getting rid of the act in terms of clamping down on what is formally known as intimate image abuse, where offenders either upload intimate pictures or footage of others or else share them via other means.

“Intimate image abuse is a devastating crime and contributes to a vile misogynistic culture on social media that we know translates into physical spaces too,” Rayner told the paper.

“Nigel Farage risks failing a generation of young women with his dangerous and irresponsible plans to scrap online safety laws. Scrapping safeguards and having no viable alternative plan in place to halt the floodgates of abuse that could open is an appalling dereliction of duty.

“It’s time for Farage to tell women and girls across Britain how he would keep them safe online.”

Labour is launching a linked series of online adverts against Farage, including one published on Sunday morning connected to Rayner’s comments. “Nigel Farage wants to make it easier to share revenge porn online,” it says, alongside an image of Farage grinning.

According to the Sunday Times, another advert will highlight Farage’s comments about Tate, the influencer who, along with his brother, Tristan, faces charges in the UK including rape, actual bodily harm and human trafficking.

The two British Americans are under investigation in Romania, facing a number of charges that they deny.

The Labour advert shows Farage with Andrew Tate and the headline: “Nigel Farage says Andrew Tate is an ‘important voice’ for men.” The comments come from an interview Farage did on the Strike It Big podcast last year.

Laila Cunningham, a former magistrate who has joined Reform, wrote a Telegraph article on Saturday in which she called the Online Safety Act “censorship laws”, saying laws already existed to combat ”revenge porn”.

“It’s a cover for censorship, and an excuse to hand unelected regulators sweeping powers to silence views they don’t like, while doing nothing about the real crimes happening on our streets,” she wrote.

Cunningham said minister should instead focus on detaining asylum seekers rather than putting them in hotels, saying that for now, women “are being put in harm’s way” as the asylum seekers could pose a risk to them.


5. [Finlight] Trump drops ceasefire demand, echoing Putin’s position and jittering Ukraine

One of your browser extensions seems to be blocking the video player from loading. To watch this content, you may need to disable it on this site.

Try again


6. [Finlight] Marjorie Taylor Greene Joins Warren Buffett And Michael Burry Buying UnitedHealth, Mark Cuban Backs Trump Export Tax — Weekly Politics Recap

As the weekend comes to an end, here’s a quick recap of the top stories that made headlines in the world of politics and finance.
1. Marjorie Taylor Greene Keeps Buying Unitedhealth Stock Along With Fellow Investors Buffett And Burry
UnitedHealth Group (NYSE:UNH) shares surged on Friday as several prominent investors, including a well-known member of Congress, continued to purchase shares and expand their positions.
Read the full article here.
2. Congresswoman Files Hundreds Of Stock Trades Late, Including Palantir Stock Up Over 600%
Efforts to ban members of Congress from buying and selling stocks could continue to rise with several recent disclosures violating the STOCK Act. A new filing by a member of Congress lists hundreds of trades since March 2024.
Read the full article here.

3. Mark Cuban Says Trump’s Nvidia, AMD Export Tax Is What Warren, AOC, Sanders Should’ve Done — Kevin O’Leary Calls It ‘Blackmail’
Mark Cuban and Kevin O'Leary have expressed their views on President Donald Trump's controversial deal with NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD). Cuban praised it as a progressive move, while O'Leary called it corporate "blackmail."
Read the full article here.
4. Jim Cramer Has A Blunt Message For Fed Chair Powell After July's Job Numbers Tanked
Following a disappointing jobs report, Jim Cramer has urged the Federal Reserve to implement an interest rate cut.
Read the full article here.
5. White House Reportedly Launches A Scorecard Rating 500+ Companies On Trump Loyalty — Who's Listed And How Ratings Are Determined
The White House has reportedly created a rating system to evaluate the support of corporate America for President Donald Trump's "One Big Beautiful Bill" and other policies.
Read the full article here.


Marjorie Taylor Greene Keeps Buying UnitedHealth Stock Along With Fellow Investors Buffett And Burry


7. [Finlight] Will Trump’s tariffs get ’tariffried’ by the courts?

Investing.com -- The Trump administration is bracing for a potential legal setback that could undermine its tariff strategy, analysts at Yardeni Research highlighted in a note this week. 
The firm stated that the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in Washington, D.C., may soon rule that President Donald Trump lacks the legal authority to impose tariffs under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA).
Yardeni noted that concern was evident in an August 11 letter from two of the administration’s top lawyers to the court clerk, filed after oral arguments on July 31, where judges reportedly pressed the government on the tariffs’ legality. 
The letter warns that “suddenly revoking the President’s tariff authority under IEEPA would have catastrophic consequences for our national security, foreign policy, and economy,” adding it could “lead to a 1929-style result.”
While Yardeni said the conclusion “may be exaggerated,” the fallout would still be “messy,” with foreign governments potentially ignoring trade agreements and companies seeking tariff refunds from the Treasury.
Trump has promoted tariffs as an “External Revenue Service” to help cut the federal deficit. 
Customs duties hit a record $157 billion over the 12 months through July, and Trump has aimed for a base tariff of 10%-15% on all U.S. trading partners, potentially yielding over $500 billion annually.
Losing the case could raise bond yields and pressure stocks due to renewed policy uncertainty, according to Yardeni.
The firm cited Capital Alpha Partners’ Jim Lucier, who expects a Federal Circuit decision by late August or September.
 A unanimous ruling against the administration could give the Supreme Court cover to avoid the case and decline a stay that would keep the tariffs in place.


8. [Finlight] Wells Fargo outlines how the Fed may revisit its policy framework at Jackson Hole

Investing.com - Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell is expected to go over how the U.S. economy and the central bank’s policy setting has evolved over the course of his tenure at a closely-watched event in Wyoming later this month, according to analysts at Wells Fargo.
Powell previously used his address at the annual Jackson Hole symposium in 2020 to lay out changes to the rate-setting Federal Open Market Committee’s policy framework. Some five years later, that outline is now set to reach its conclusion.
In a note, the Wells Fargo analysts led by Sarah House noted that in the decade leading up to the FOMC’s prior framework review, the economic environment was dominated by persistently low inflation and excess labor market slack. The Fed has been tasked with using its policies options to keep inflation stable and securing maximum employment. 
"The adjustments made in 2020 at the height of the pandemic reflected these perceived asymmetric risks to the Fed’s dual mandate," the analysts wrote.
However, in the time since then, the macroeconomic backdrop has changed drastically. Powered by pandemic-era shocks, inflation charged past 2% in March 2021 and has not returned to that rate -- the Fed’s target level -- since. The unemployment rate, meanwhile, fell to less than 4% by the end of that same year. It now stands at 4.2%.
"Much of the past few years have been marked by U.S. monetary policymakers facing an old but new problem: overheated labor markets and above-target inflation," the analysts wrote.
Against this backdrop, they do not anticipate that the Fed will unveil any major changes to its toolkit as part of this year’s review, with the key federal funds rate likely to stay the main device the central bank can utilize to respond to broader trends in employment and inflation.
The Fed’s balance sheet may also be "de-emphasized" as a policy tool "for the time being," they added. Powell is anticipated to review how the FOMC approaches policy communication later this year as well.
Generally, the strategists said the new framework will likely "codify" what is already the Fed’s "modus operandi" -- a more "symmetric" approach to its inflation and employment objectives.
"Yet, the shift away from the asymmetric risks around low inflation and maximum employment marks an important departure from the psychology of the 2008-2020 period, and it could result in more preemptive policy tightening when the next inflationary episode occurs," they said.


9. [Finlight] Israeli military prepares to move Palestinians to southern Gaza

International condemnation and pressure from allies have done nothing to stop Israel's plan to displace the people of northern Gaza. Israel on Saturday (August 16) said it is preparing to move Palestinians from combat zones to southern Gaza as plans move ahead for a military offensive in some of the territory's most populated areas

Video by: Morgan AYRE


10. [Finlight] UAE: What are Certificates of Origin and how Abu Dhabi’s 10.3% rise proves a shift from oil dependence

Certificates of Origin certify that goods are produced in a specific country, essential for customs, tariffs, and export compliance/ Image: File

Certificates of Origin: Their role and relevance

Growth in COO issuance reflects rising export momentum





Strategic implications for Abu Dhabi’s economy

Institutional role of the Abu Dhabi Chamber





The Abu Dhabi Chamber of Commerce and Industry has reported a significant increase in the issuance of Certificates of Origin over the past year. This development highlights the emirate’s growing industrial base, increased trade activity, and a steadily advancing economic diversification strategy aimed at reducing dependence on oil exports.A Certificate of Origin (COO) serves as an official document confirming that the goods in a shipment are wholly obtained, produced, manufactured, or processed in a specific country. These certificates are vital tools in international trade, helping businesses clear customs, determine applicable tariffs, and comply with import regulations in target markets.In Saudi Arabia and across the GCC, a valid COO is often mandatory for both exports and imports. Without it, companies risk facing shipment delays, regulatory penalties, or outright rejection of goods. In this context, chambers of commerce, such as the one in Abu Dhabi, play a central role, acting as accredited bodies authorised to issue these certificates.Between June 2024 and June 2025, the Abu Dhabi Chamber recorded a 10.3 percent increase in the number of COOs issued. This growth signals a wider and more active base of local exporters, as well as heightened economic activity across non-oil sectors.The Chamber attributes this uptick to Abu Dhabi’s expanding industrial capacity and its growing reputation as a key regional player in trade and investment.Sectorally, the bulk of these COOs were issued to businesses involved in chemicals, metals, and engineering — all areas that point to a robust and diversified manufacturing ecosystem. Notably, small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) have shown increased participation in export activities, driven by support mechanisms provided by the Chamber. These include specialised training programs, business matchmaking efforts, and collaboration with regional and international trade entities.The broader export landscape also aligns with these trends. During the first half of 2025, Abu Dhabi’s non-oil foreign trade surged by 34.7 percent. Within that, non-oil exports leapt by 64 percent, re-exports grew by 35 percent, and imports rose by 15 percent. These figures build on the previous year’s performance, which also saw strong growth: non-oil trade rose by 9 percent, exports increased by 16 percent, and imports by 3 percent.The increasing number of Certificates of Origin being issued by the Abu Dhabi Chamber is seen by its leadership as a strong indicator of export sector vitality and a reflection of the emirate’s deepening integration with global trade networks. Shamis Al Dhaheri, Second Vice Chairman and Managing Director of the Chamber, considers this sustained rise as clear proof of the competitiveness of Abu Dhabi-based companies and their growing capacity to enter and thrive in international markets.Al Dhaheri has attributed this momentum not only to market confidence in locally produced goods but also to the Chamber’s continued investment in supporting export-ready businesses. He noted that Abu Dhabi companies, especially small and medium-sized enterprises, are increasingly leveraging the Chamber’s services, including export training, market access programs, and strategic trade partnerships, to expand their global footprint.He also emphasized that the Chamber is focused on enabling exporters to benefit from customs advantages provided by bilateral and multilateral agreements. With COOs validating the national origin of goods, UAE products are better positioned to benefit from preferential trade terms, giving them a more competitive edge in international markets.According to him, the Chamber views Certificates of Origin as more than just administrative tools; they are gateways to new economic opportunities. He pointed to the Chamber’s ongoing efforts to enhance its digital infrastructure and to advocate for the private sector as part of a broader strategy to make Abu Dhabi’s economy more resilient and globally connected.Al Dhaheri underlined that the current indicators affirm not just the strength of the Chamber’s services, but also the private sector’s rising contribution to national economic goals. The increase in export activity, particularly among SMEs, is seen as a tangible outcome of the emirate’s diversification agenda and its efforts to reduce dependency on oil revenues.Founded in 1969 by an Emiri decree issued by the late Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, the Abu Dhabi Chamber of Commerce and Industry was established to promote and protect the interests of businesses operating in the emirate. Over the decades, it has evolved into a central platform for dialogue between the private sector and the government, supporting enterprise development across sectors.The Chamber hosts frequent trade delegations, policy discussions, and cross-border business forums. These activities help reinforce Abu Dhabi’s global standing and attract foreign direct investment. Recognised by the leadership and business community alike, the Chamber’s programs serve as key enablers of the emirate’s economic ambitions.In line with this mission, the Chamber continues to invest in improving its digital infrastructure and expanding its export-related services. It views the recent growth in COOs not just as a positive trade indicator, but as a sign of resilience, adaptability, and growing maturity within Abu Dhabi’s private sector.


💻 TECHNOLOGY HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

1. Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems - SiliconANGLE

Dell and HPE extend AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems

Two of the largest enterprise infrastructure vendors announced product line expansions designed to give customers more options for deploying artificial intelligence workloads at scale. New offerings from Dell Technologies Inc. and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. include systems and software updates that incorporate Nvidia Corp.'s latest graphics processing unit technology and AI software, alongside tools from other partners, to help organizations move from AI experimentation to production.

Dell said it's updating its AI Data Platform with new components aimed at improving unstructured data ingestion, transformation, retrieval and compute performance. The platform is designed to handle the full AI workload lifecycle, from data ingestion to agentic inference to knowledge retrieval.

A new unstructured data engine developed in collaboration with Elasticsearch BV provides real-time, secure access to large-scale unstructured datasets, supporting advanced vector search, semantic retrieval and hybrid keyword search. The engine integrates GPU acceleration and Nvidia NeMo Retriever microservices for use in retrieval-augmented generation applications.

The Dell AI Data Platform also integrates a federated SQL engine from Starburst Data Inc. for querying multiple data sources without moving the data, and an Apache Spark-based data processing engine for batch and real-time analytics. They sit alongside Dell's PowerScale and ObjectScale storage systems, which support structured, semi-structured and unstructured data.

On the hardware side, Dell introduced PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers equipped with Nvidia RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell Server Edition GPUs, which are data center-class graphics and compute processors built on Nvidia's Blackwell architecture and designed for AI inference, visual computing, engineering simulation and virtual workstation workloads. Dell said the new GPUs can deliver up to six times the token throughput for large language model inference compared to its previous generation, along with higher engineering simulation performance and support for more concurrent users.

The R7725 will be the first 2U server to integrate the Nvidia AI Data Platform reference design, a validated blueprint for building GPU-accelerated infrastructure. Dell said the pairing yields a turnkey system for fast inferencing, semantic search and large AI workloads.

HPE said it's expanding its line of AI-optimized systems with new configurations that also use Nvidia's Blackwell architecture GPUs, as well as the latest Nvidia AI models. The company said these updates are intended to support both agentic AI -- or systems that complete tasks autonomously or with little supervision tasks - and physical AI, which involves AI control of robotics and other hardware systems.

HPE is also adding new options to its Cray XD670 and XD675 servers that allow them to be configured with Nvidia GB200 NVL72 systems for large-scale AI training, or with RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell GPUs for inference and smaller-scale workloads. HPE said both are pre-integrated with Nvidia's AI Enterprise software suite, including the NeMo framework and pretrained models such as Nvidia Nemotron for agentic AI and Cosmos for physical AI applications.

The company is also updating its GreenLake for AI offering to support the new systems. GreenLake is a consumption-based model for deploying AI infrastructure, allowing organizations to scale GPU resources as needed while keeping workloads on-premises or in colocation facilities. HPE said its Private Cloud AI will support the latest versions of the Nemotron and Cosmos models, as well as the latest Nvidia Blueprint for Video Search and Summarization.

Both companies' announcements center on integrating Nvidia's Blackwell-generation GPUs and related AI software into systems aimed at enterprises. Dell's focus is on connecting AI models to high-quality enterprise data, especially unstructured data, while HPE is emphasizing large-scale training and deployment of both agentic and physical AI models.

The announcements are part of a broader trend by infrastructure vendors to provide turnkey AI infrastructure that combines hardware, storage, networking and AI frameworks in pre-tested configurations.

Dell said its updated AI Data Platform with the unstructured data engine will be available later this year, alongside the PowerEdge R7725 and R770 servers with RTX PRO 6000 GPUs. HPE said its updated Cray XD systems and GreenLake AI configurations will also be available in the coming months.


2. China's Tech Boom Attracts Foreign Investment Surge

The rhythmic hum of robotic arms in Suzhou factories and the digital pulse of Shanghai's AI labs tell an economic success story decades in the making. China has surpassed its ambitious five-year foreign direct investment (FDI) target of $700 billion ahead of schedule, with utilized FDI hitting $708.73 billion by mid-2024 -- a powerful rebuttal to narratives of foreign capital flight. This milestone, achieved amid global protectionist headwinds, underscores China's transformation into a high-tech investment magnet where innovation outpaces politics.

Despite geopolitical turbulence and supply chain realignments, China's patient cultivation of foreign enterprise is yielding historic dividends. Ministry of Commerce data reveals foreign firms now drive one-third of China's foreign trade, contribute 25% of industrial value-added output, and account for 1 in 7 tax dollars. Critically, they've generated over 30 million jobs since 2019 -- equivalent to the population of Malaysia. The 14th Five-Year Plan's $700 billion FDI target, once viewed as ambitious, was eclipsed six months early. In H1 2024 alone, 30,014 new foreign-invested firms registered across China -- an 11.7% YoY surge. While overall utilized FDI dipped 15.2% to $58.9 billion due to 2023's record-high baseline, the structural shift toward high-value sectors signals enduring confidence. As Franz Decker, BMW Brilliance Automotive CEO, asserted during the opening of their Nanjing R&D hub: "China demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation."

China's innovation pivot is rewriting FDI playbooks. Foreign capital flowing into high-tech industries leaped from 28.3% of total FDI in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023 -- a trajectory accelerating in 2024. E-commerce services saw explosive 130% YoY FDI growth in H1, while AI, biotech, and advanced manufacturing drew multinationals seeking China's "new quality productive forces." The Third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in June became a showcase for this transformation, featuring BMW's new Nanjing facility -- its largest Asian IT R&D center -- designed to leverage China's "rapidly evolving tech landscape." Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang, attending CISCE, observed: "China's supply chain is a miracle -- the world's largest and most complex, built on deep technology, AI and software. Technology adoption here is so fast, it sets global trends." This tech-led FDI boom reflects China's 9% average FDI return rate -- among the world's highest -- and validates Beijing's 2024 Action Plan stabilizing foreign investment through streamlined approvals and market access.

The H1 2024 FDI dip requires contextual understanding. OECD data shows global FDI fell 7% in 2023, with developing Asia experiencing steeper declines. China's contraction aligns with this trend while masking sectoral dynamism. Crucially, reinvested earnings by existing foreign enterprises -- a key FDI metric -- remain robust as firms like BASF and Tesla expand Chinese facilities. The State Council's 24-point guidelines for foreign investors, emphasizing intellectual property protection and equal procurement access, further anchor confidence. As the Ministry of Commerce emphasized in its June policy briefing: "Quality supersedes quantity -- we welcome capital aligned with high-end manufacturing and digital transformation."

China's $708 billion FDI milestone proves its economic resilience isn't cyclical but structural -- built on world-class infrastructure, deep talent pools, and unwavering commitment to innovation-led growth. For global investors, the calculus remains clear: overlooking China's high-tech transformation means missing the defining economic opportunity of our decade. Explore partnership opportunities through China's International Investment Promotion Agency to position your enterprise at the convergence of technology and growth.

China's 14th Five-Year Plan targeted $700 billion in cumulative foreign direct investment between 2021-2025. Ministry of Commerce data confirms this goal was surpassed six months early, reaching $708.73 billion by June 2024.

High-tech industries now dominate China FDI flows, rising from 28.3% of total investment in 2019 to 37.4% in 2023. E-commerce, AI, and advanced manufacturing led growth, with e-commerce FDI surging nearly 130% YoY in H1 2024.

BMW CEO Franz Decker cited China's "remarkable vitality in digital innovation ecosystems" when launching their Nanjing R&D center. Proximity to tech talent, rapid commercialization, and supportive industrial policies make China indispensable for global innovation.

Officials attribute H1 2024's 15.2% FDI dip to 2023's unusually high baseline and global trends. The 2024 "Stabilizing Foreign Investment" Action Plan counters concerns through market access easing and IP protections.

At approximately 9%, China's FDI return rate outperforms most major economies, according to World Bank investment viability analyses. This sustains appeal despite geopolitical uncertainties.

Data contradicts this narrative. Beyond record cumulative FDI, 30,014 new foreign firms registered in H1 2024 -- an 11.7% YoY increase -- with expansions by firms like Nvidia and BASF confirming long-term commitment.


3. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


4. High-tech boom helps attract foreign investment: China Daily editorial

Years of efforts aimed at promoting the country's opening-up and continuously expanding market access for foreign enterprises have gradually paid off. Foreign-funded enterprises now contribute one-third of China's foreign trade, one-fourth of its value-added industrial output, and one-seventh of its tax revenues, and have created more than 30 million jobs over the past five years. It is little wonder therefore that the government should highly value foreign direct investment and always try its best to improve the business environment for foreign capital, so as to make the country a safe and promising destination for foreign investors.

The country's 14th Five-Year Plan (2021-25) set the target of attracting a total of $700 billion in foreign investment, with remarkable progress to be made in both the quantity and quality of utilized foreign investment. Despite the challenges posed by the rise of protectionism and unilateralism in recent years, the utilized foreign investment in China reached $708.73 billion by the end of June, suggesting the country has already achieved its five-year foreign investment target, ahead of schedule.

Statistics from the Ministry of Commerce released on the weekend also indicate that in the first half of this year the number of newly established foreign-invested companies increased by 11.7 percent year-on-year to 30,014, as the country continues to attract foreign capital into high-tech industries such as artificial intelligence, e-commerce, pharmaceuticals and high-end manufacturing.

The country's high-tech sector has become a major magnet for foreign capital thanks to its immense potential, with the percentage of utilized foreign investment in China's high-tech sector rising from 28.3 percent of the total in 2019 to 37.4 percent in 2023. In the first half of this year, foreign investment in e-commerce services alone recorded a nearly 130 percent year-on-year surge.

The development of a highly advanced innovation ecosystem in China has prompted a lot of multinationals to expand their investment in the sector in light of the country's forward-looking strategy. Take BMW for example. The German auto giant plans to establish its first China-based information technology research and development center in Nanjing, which will represent a huge expansion of the company's digital capabilities. The center is set to be BMW's largest IT R&D hub in Asia, and it is designed to strengthen the automaker's global production, sales and after-sales systems through digital solutions rooted in China's rapidly evolving tech landscape. Explaining the decision, Franz Decker, president and CEO of BMW Brilliance Automotive, said during the signing ceremony with the local government on Friday that China "demonstrates remarkable vitality in building a thriving ecosystem for digital innovation".

The third China International Supply Chain Expo, which concluded on Sunday in Beijing, has earned a reputation for being a showcase for technological innovation and China's new quality productive forces. The expo highlighted how the country has embraced an innovation-driven development strategy in pursuit of high-quality development, which is expected to bring immense business opportunities for foreign companies. "Here in China ... the technology adoption is so fast," said Jensen Huang, Nvidia CEO, during an interview on the sidelines of the expo, citing how China's innovative applications are setting global trends. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world ... built on deep technology, AI and software."

There have been some pointing to the actual use of FDI in China dropping 15.2 percent in the January-June period from a year earlier. Yet it should be noted that was amid a global decline in foreign investment, and the total volume of utilized FDI in China is 423.23 billion yuan ($58.9 billion), which remains significant. The decline can be attributed to the high comparison base last year. Any attempt to hype that foreign investment is leaving the country is out of ill intent.

In the past five years, the rate of return on FDI in China, at nearly 9 percent, still ranks among the highest around the world. It is the consensus among foreign investors that China remains an attractive destination for investment, not only because of its huge growth prospects, but also due to consistent government support aimed at enabling foreign-funded enterprises to achieve even greater success, as exemplified in an action plan that China released early this year to stabilize foreign investment.

No matter how the external environment may evolve, China remains firmly committed to high-standard opening-up and always welcomes foreign companies to keep investing in China and explore the Chinese market to enjoy the country's development dividends and progress together.


5. Economic Watch: China's AI Tech Boosts Global Trade Efficiency, Facilitates Supply Chain

Beijing: To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q and A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing. "Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

According to Namibia Press Agency, during discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade. Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model. "The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes. At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms. The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images, and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for the overseas market. Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba. As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in the global trade landscape. At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent, and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world." China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi, and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce. Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


6. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

A visitor tries a pair of glasses at the booth of TCL in the Digital Technology Chain area of the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China, July 19, 2025. [Photo/Xinhua]

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30% The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95%, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

Open Source

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40% compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10% of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9% year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


7. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

This photo taken on July 17, 2025 shows robots at the booth of Nvidia during the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE) in Beijing, capital of China. (Xinhua/Ding Hongfa)

To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


8. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


9. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


10. China's AI tech boosts global trade efficiency, facilitates supply chain

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) -- To provide a quick overview of what its digital technology can do for China's many small and medium-sized exporters, a Nanjing-based software firm put up nine striking Q&A posters at an ongoing trade fair in Beijing.

"Where is my product most in-demand overseas?" "How can I ensure my product passes customs compliance?" "Customers want low carbon and what should I do?" "How can I make global supply chain more cost-effective?" -- SKYTECH's AI tools can quickly provide tailored solutions to these questions.

During discussions about fragile global supply chains at the third China International Supply Chain Expo (CISCE), participants noted that China's AI technology is a source of confidence and a promising avenue for building resilience in global trade.

Qiu Weiwen, a manager from SKYTECH, demonstrated the intelligent system in front of a large screen. "China has the most complete industrial chain in the world, which makes its export product system rather complex, and that's why we've designed an AI system," he explained.

For new energy vehicle products, it is necessary to input the origins of components like tires, bearings, and battery cells. Even small changes in parameters can result in different solutions from the large model.

"The country where the product is assembled might be different from where its components are produced. We can help you analyze which scenario is more advantageous," Qiu said.

Another service from the Nanjing firm in east China supports European Union-bound exporters by automating carbon footprint reporting and carbon tariff calculations. Beyond compliance, SKYTECH further delivers strategic guidance enabling clients to capture revenue opportunities through carbon trading schemes.

At a CISCE roundtable on Friday, SKYTECH spotlighted a success story. Under its support, Chinese solar-panel maker Trina Solar built a low-carbon, digitally optimized line that slashes the carbon footprint of its modules well below France's entry threshold, unlocking instant access to the European market.

In the neighboring booth, tech stars from east China's Zhejiang Province were unveiling their smart new products, and one of them was NetEase's AI agent for foreign trade firms.

The NetEase Foreign Trade Express uses "AI employees" to develop overseas customers, with precise inquiries increasing by 30 percent. The AI can automatically identify target customers with an accuracy rate of over 95 percent, saving foreign trade companies up to 1.5 working days per week in customer search time.

Last October, Alibaba International updated its "AI Business Assistant," enabling real-time optimization of product titles, keywords, images and selling points to drive more online exposure for home-made products for overseas market.

Veteran Chinese mechanics maker Xu Jingqian recalled a puzzling challenge with his screw compressors: strong website traffic in the United States but poor buyer inquiries on Alibaba.

As an early adopter of Alibaba's AI tool launched in 2023, he received targeted recommendations: Add U.S. specifications, showcase product certifications and clarify door-to-door delivery costs. After implementing these changes, Xu saw his sales more than double.

"AI now auto-translates Chinese small enterprises' product descriptions into export-ready visuals and listings, making global sales as easy as domestic ones," said Fan Min, general manager of public affairs at Alibaba 1688, at a CISCE event.

OPEN SOURCE

The introduction of these new products underscores China's ongoing efforts to sustain the global trade system via digital tools despite increasing uncertainties. Empowered especially by AI technology, the thriving digital trade is emerging as a bright spot in global trade landscape.

At the five-day expo, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised China's global leadership in AI models, engineering talent and industrial applications. "The supply chain of China is a miracle. It is the largest and most complex in the world, not just about labor, but built on deep technology, AI and software," said Huang.

In a dialogue event on Thursday, Huang said China is clever about open-source engineering. "Open source has many global implications. It's not just helping the Chinese ecosystem; it's helping ecosystems around the world."

China's open-source AI models like DeepSeek, Kimi and Qwen are powering supply chains across China and the rest of the world. In February, the NetEase Foreign Trade Express fully integrated with DeepSeek.

China's digitally deliverable service import and export value in 2024 grew by nearly 40 percent compared to 2020, as shown by figures released by the country's Ministry of Commerce.

Last year, China's digital economy core industries contributed about 10 percent of its GDP, while cross-border e-commerce exports grew by 16.9 percent year on year, according to China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, who organized the CISCE.

An initiative launched at the expo calls for the digitalization and intelligent upgrading of supply chains, promoting interconnected data across the entire chain to create better conditions for international trade and investment cooperation.


🎯 MARKET SYNTHESIS
----------------------------------------
Total stories analyzed: 89
Overall news sentiment: Positive (0.10)

Data Sources:
  • Financial Modeling Prep (FMP) - Market data & calendar
  • NewsAPI.ai - World, USA, and tech news
  • Finlight - Financial market news

================================================================================
END OF BRIEFING