Welcome to your MarketMotion Daily briefing. It's August seventeenth, and markets are closed for the weekend. Bitcoin is at one hundred seventeen thousand seven hundred twenty-eight dollars, up point two percent. Ethereum is at four thousand four hundred seventy dollars, up one point zero percent.

Top stories.

Brazil's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva says his government will provide five point five five billion dollars in credit to support companies that export goods and are affected by steeper tariffs imposed by the United States. According to Reuters, this is an initial amount to help exporters, and the package will also include support through government purchases. The U.S. hiked levies on imports of Brazilian goods to fifty percent from ten percent earlier this month.

Secretary of State Marco Rubio says the U.S. is keeping a close watch on the situation between Pakistan and India. Speaking about the challenges of a ceasefire in connection to the war in Ukraine, Rubio says that ceasefires can fall apart very quickly. He also mentions the conflict between India and Pakistan as an example of a situation the U.S. is monitoring.

European leaders are expected to join Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy for meetings with U.S. President Donald Trump in Washington on Monday. CNN reports that leaders from France, Germany, the UK, Italy, and Finland are expected to attend the meeting, along with European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte. Talks are expected to focus on Russia's demands on land concessions and the contours of security guarantees for Ukraine, including the role of the U.S.

Powerball jackpot has surged past six hundred million dollars. With no big winners from Saturday's drawing, lottery players across the country will be vying for a six hundred five million dollar jackpot at the next Powerball drawing on Monday. The jackpot has a cash value of more than two hundred seventy-three million dollars.

Moving to market movers.

Jim Cramer of CNBC comments on several stocks recently. Cramer says that the numbers from Robinhood Markets, ticker H-O-O-D, are extraordinary and that CEO Vlad Tenev has got the brokers of the future. Cramer also notes that shares of Tapestry, ticker T-P-R, have gained fifty-three percent year-to-date, despite a drop in August. Cramer was surprised by Tapestry's earnings report.

Cramer says CVS Health Corporation, ticker C-V-S, is the last man standing in its industry, with Rite Aid pulling back and Walgreens shutting down a lot of stores. UBS analyst Radi Sultan resumes coverage on Elastic, ticker E-S-T-C, with a buy rating and a price target of ninety-five dollars. UBS believes that the AI narrative will eventually shift in Elastic's favor.

Now for global developments.

Chinese economic activity slowed across the board in July, with retail sales, fixed asset investment, and value added of industry growth all reaching the lowest levels of the year, according to Hellenic Shipping News. Several months of cooling momentum suggest that the economy may need further policy support. Downward pressure on property prices persisted in July.

Oil markets are set for a muted price reaction after U.S. President Donald Trump's and Russian leader Vladimir Putin's meeting in Alaska, according to Hellenic Shipping News. Trump said he had agreed with Putin that negotiators should go straight to a peace settlement in Ukraine, not via a ceasefire. Trump said he would hold off imposing tariffs on countries such as China for buying Russian oil following his talks with Putin.

Turning to technology and innovation.

China has surpassed its ambitious five-year foreign direct investment target of seven hundred billion dollars ahead of schedule, with utilized foreign direct investment hitting seven hundred eight point seven three billion dollars by mid-2024, according to Bangla News. Ministry of Commerce data reveals foreign firms now drive one-third of China's foreign trade and have generated over thirty million jobs since 2019.

Dell Technologies and Hewlett Packard Enterprise are extending their AI infrastructure lines with new Nvidia-powered systems. The new offerings include systems and software updates that incorporate Nvidia's latest graphics processing unit technology and AI software. Dell said it is updating its AI Data Platform with new components aimed at improving unstructured data ingestion, transformation, retrieval and compute performance.

Sector highlights.

An illegal U-turn by an undocumented truck driver on Florida's Turnpike resulted in three fatalities, according to Cuba Headlines Digital Edition. The driver, identified as twenty-eight-year-old Harjinder Singh, was taken into custody and is facing three counts of vehicular homicide. Singh had illegally entered the United States in 2018 by crossing the Mexican border.

Colts fell in their second of three preseason outings on Saturday, dropping to zero and two in their exhibition contests, according to Sports Illustrated. Colts' safety Cam Bynum said that there are a lot of things to get better at, win or loss. He added that the biggest thing you have to do in the preseason is figure out how to get better every single game, every single practice.

Economic calendar for the week ahead.

No major economic releases scheduled for the next few days.

That concludes your MarketMotion Daily briefing. Have a great Sunday!
